Account: ABSS Solutions, Inc.
Call Date: 2026-01-27
Duration: 00:08:06
Participants: Robin Barrow, Ryan Nicolas

======================================================================

Robin Barrow: So
Ryan Nicolas: Robin, how's it going?
Robin Barrow: It's going well. Thank you for jumping on.
Ryan Nicolas: No problem. Thank you for getting back to me last week.
Robin Barrow: Hi Ryan. Yeah, sure. No afternoon worries.
Ryan Nicolas: Yeah. What I was hoping to do was was to better understand some of the other I guess, ancillary services that we have through PreVeil and you know basically taking advantage of everything that we're we're paying for sure. Yeah. Didn't use my I didn't use any of that last year. Pretty much just use the platform to send the information back and forth. Mostly what I've been doing using it for is uh
Ryan Nicolas: The majority of UI that we pass back and forth has to do with like in processing new employees. So the forms that have to go to the government for new hires on our airforce army, our department of work contracts, yeah. End up being cue they're completed. So outside of that, I haven't had much use for it's okay. Been pretty seamless getting like new employees that don't have accounts to create their accounts and have them send them information back and forth. And then even with our other contractors that we send the information to
Robin Barrow: Excellent. I'm just taking a look at your okay. Yeah. No, I mean, so for what you all have PreVeil pass, which includes the 3 user license or it's really 2 standard users, one admin. And then you also purchase the compliance accelerator, but the compliance accelerators, bundled with the PreVeil pass. So sorry, that wasn't clear. The PreVeil pass includes the compliance accelerator, right? do you all need to meet cms level two?
Ryan Nicolas: I expect I believe that we do.
Robin Barrow: Okay. That's exactly what the accelerator will help with and I can share my screen here. Okay. The accelerator is our 10 step guide to getting compliant. So you will see we have additional courses outside the 10 steps, but you also have the full on 10 steps. It takes you really green. What is cms all the way through how do I score 1 10 with the accelerator that's included in your PreVeil pass, you get 6 30 minute sessions with the compliance team. You also get access to their email. So if you have any one off compliance questions, you can shoot them an email. It doesn't count against your time. Yeah. With this also you get all our documentation. So what we've gone ahead and done is we have pre filled documentation that shows you what a 1 10 customer or excuse me company would look like. We have something called the Acme docs package. All right. And it's fully assessed documentation package that has been, like I said, assessed by C through a so if you pretended you were at me and took this documentation and copied your company, just like any you would score, one ten, that's the idea. Acme, midsized company. So it might not fit your bill, but at least you have an idea of okay, this is what's expected of me for level 2.
Ryan Nicolas: Okay.
Robin Barrow: So that's available to you as well. This is probably the biggest reason why customers purchase the accelerator is for this these doc documentation package.
Ryan Nicolas: All right.
Robin Barrow: And this is like I mentioned this is where you book time with the compliance team. I can make double check, make sure you're added to this. I think you are, but I can just reset you.
Ryan Nicolas: Okay.
Robin Barrow: Or give you the login. But yeah. And then you can book time with them right through here. It brings them brings this link, brings you to our compliance team and their calendar.
Ryan Nicolas: Okay.
Robin Barrow: Yeah. I would always say for the compliance accelerator, if you have those deals clauses, 70 twelve, 70 20 70 nineteen, all those fun ones. Most likely you need level 2 and this is where you can start okay. Working towards that. All right.
Ryan Nicolas: Then you can send me the link to access it.
Robin Barrow: Yes. But yeah, I mean, that's pretty much what you all have with PreVeil. Right now. I know you have some questions regarding business versus gov cloud. I think it's it's just you have to be in the gov cloud environment in order to just be tips and also for C level 2.
Ryan Nicolas: Okay. Yeah. That's what I assumed. It was the case just to get that on. I wasn't sure if there was some
Ryan Nicolas: An option to leave the compliance accelerator off there.
Robin Barrow: There is I mean, we always you can absolutely just sign up for those 2 users in one admin. You can drop the accelerator. It's just you won't be able to get that bundled package because you're getting the accelerator is 3,600 alone. So if a customer purchase our licenses, but doesn't purchase accelerator and then they want the accelerator down the line, we're gonna it's gonna be at 3,600. So you're getting a bundled price.
Ryan Nicolas: So for example, next year if we get the cms certification by November next year, I wouldn't need the accelerator. I could just renew the service portion and save $3,600 off the renewal.
Robin Barrow: Yes. Yes, that's exactly how it would be processed. All right.
Ryan Nicolas: Okay. Uh
Ryan Nicolas: That
Robin Barrow: Makes sense. Yeah. Did you have any other questions or
Ryan Nicolas: No. We got a lot of documentation already created. So I guess access to the accelerator, I'll kind of do a comparison and it would just be more of trying to identify where the gaps are in our documents versus yours. And I think that's probably where I could use the the sessions to answer the questions about what we're
Ryan Nicolas: Where we're lagging.
Robin Barrow: Yeah.
Robin Barrow: Yeah, that makes sense to me. Um
Robin Barrow: I'm just taking a look here because you're
Robin Barrow: Okay. Yeah. Your account did auto renew.
Robin Barrow: But you're okay with that for now? Okay. Great. I just want to make sure yeah, I highly suggest I'll make sure I get that link over to you. And where are you all located?
Ryan Nicolas: We're in upper Mallory Maryland.
Robin Barrow: Okay. Did you guys get bad weather this?
Ryan Nicolas: Past weekend. Oh, yeah, yeah. I still got it.
Robin Barrow: I know we're I'm in Quincy Massachusetts and it's
Ryan Nicolas: Oh, wow.
Robin Barrow: Yeah. We were just walking your dog and the snow. Mountains are up to my shoulders. I'm 5 9 I'm not a short girl. So it's like what's that? Oh, yeah. Yeah, it's crazy.
Ryan Nicolas: Pretty much yeah. We only got about 8 inches of snow. So
Robin Barrow: You guys got the ice, which we just got the pretty fluffy snow. I would rather that more than the ice. Any day? Yeah. Okay. Great. So you're somewhat we're close by we have AI have a couple of teammates that are out in the Maryland area. So
Ryan Nicolas: Yeah. Okay. Yeah.
Robin Barrow: Yeah. Excellent. Okay. I owe you the link. And then yeah, you just book time. Once you get into the accelerators book time with the compliance team, they're ready to chat with you.
Ryan Nicolas: Okay
Robin Barrow: Awesome. Anything else I can help out with?
Ryan Nicolas: No. Nothing else.
Robin Barrow: This was an easy call. Thank you.
Ryan Nicolas: Thank you.
Robin Barrow: Awesome. Enjoy the rest of your day. Bye. Bye.
Ryan Nicolas: You too. Bye. Bye.