Account: Advanced Ceramic Coatings
Call Date: 2025-12-01
Duration: 00:08:17
Participants: Zackary Gilman, Robin Barrow

======================================================================

Robin Barrow: So
Zackary Gilman: Hey Zach. Hey, Robin.
Robin Barrow: What's the going same on? Nothing much what's going on with you.
Robin Barrow: It was good. How was your vacation? Andrew break?
Zackary Gilman: It was good. Yeah, we went to LA rain there almost every day, but
Robin Barrow: It was fine, but yeah, it was fun. And the
Zackary Gilman: Third Thanksgiving, was good. Good to see the fan?
Robin Barrow: Yeah. Mine was like, early quiet. My sister who has a billion children was in New Hampshire and they stayed up there for it. So it was just like we don't our cousins all like go to their wives or whatever family. And so just like me and my sister and my husband and her husband her daughter and I was like, this is weird. This is too quiet.
Zackary Gilman: I guess once you lose all the little kids, it probably gets a lot.
Robin Barrow: More quiet. Oh, yeah. Yeah, it was like, ER, all right. I would've let them in.
Zackary Gilman: Cool.
Robin Barrow: Hi, Nathan, how are you?
Nathan Hill: Fine, thanks. How's it going?
Robin Barrow: Going well. Thanks for joining. I have Zach here. He's on our team, he's new. So he's just shadowing the call today.
Zackary Gilman: Hey, Nathan, nice to meet you.
Nathan Hill: Sure. Hi there.
Robin Barrow: This call honestly, should be fairly quick. It's just an intro call to PreVeil. Really, we're gonna cover what you signed up for and then talk about next steps on how to get started. I also just want to learn a little bit more about why you need PreVeil, but yeah, just are we expecting anybody else to join from your side?
Nathan Hill: No, we're not. Okay.
Robin Barrow: Yeah. So just kind of cover all signed up for. You got PreVeil pass, which includes 3 users, one of them being an admin and then 2 standard users. And then you also I believe you purchase an additional license as well on top of that. So yeah, I guess if you don't mind sharing, why do you all need PreVeil?
Nathan Hill: Well, let's see. First of all. Acc advanced remit coding is a relatively small company. We have approximately 70 employees. We are we have one customer currently that customer is a general electric. And we cut parts for jet engines that they manufacture. There is a chance that will be needing to handle UI in the future as a result of our partnership with GE
Nathan Hill: And we don't really
Nathan Hill: Because we're have we have a small staff, we have a small I am the it department. So so I'm not we're not really capable of trying to implement cms across the entire organization at this point. So if we need an on play where we can at least reduce the scope of what we need to do for compliance and that's primarily why I looked into PreVeil and why we
Nathan Hill: Went that direction?
Robin Barrow: That all makes sense to me. And thank you for sharing, so. Yeah, with the what with what you purchase, you get access to the compliance accelerator, which I just added you to. So you should see an invite shortly. What that does it really goes through a high level. What is why is important all the way through how do you score one ten? So obviously work through that at your leader when you have time. I'm not sure it doesn't sound like you need to submit an sdrs score, just just yet. But okay. Yeah. So at least you have a guide on how to do so when you do if and when you do I should say. But that came as a bundle with the licenses that you did purchase. And then as far as getting started with PreVeil in the welcome email I sent over, really just need to download PreVeil on your device. And that shouldn't take you more than 20 minutes. If it does. That means there's an issue so reach out to me. But if it I would download PreVeil on your current. Device and then you just book with the technical onboarding team. So they'll walk you through the whole platform and train you up on it. The reason why we asked you to download beforehand is so that you can train out of your org and set it up to your liking.
Robin Barrow: If you don't have that email, I can resend the instructions anyways.
Nathan Hill: Okay. Um
Robin Barrow: Yeah. And as regarding current data that you have so it sounds like you don't have any UI today, so there's not much you need to put in PreVeil right now.
Nathan Hill: That's correct. We'll use some some sensitive data, maybe some intellectual property or something that we can store as a task, I'm sure.
Robin Barrow: Yeah. You do have access to real drive. So if you I always say if you have a lot of data you want to put in there at once, just give us a shout. We want to make sure it's a smooth process for you.
Robin Barrow: But I believe you have up to 10 terabytes worth of storage and I think we have one customer that's even close to that. So
Nathan Hill: Yeah.
Nathan Hill: We will not come anywhere close.
Robin Barrow: Yeah. That's okay. Yeah. I mean, PreVeil, I'm sure Craig told you, but PreVeil is pretty straightforward product. It's fairly simple to use, but I'm here as your main point of contact warning, you do need help. And then like I said, the training will be. They'll go through the whole platform for you. If you need help with your standard users that are gonna be in the platform, we can set up a training for that as well. But I always suggest just going through some of our resources that we already have. And then if they're still struggling, we can set up a training as well.
Nathan Hill: Okay. Great.
Robin Barrow: Yeah. And then lastly, on my end, I'm gonna schedule a time for us to connect in march. Yes, that's 90 days out from today just as a check in to make sure you're still feeling good, you're up and running. But of course, if anything happens between now and then just feel free to reach out.
Nathan Hill: That's really
Robin Barrow: Yeah. That's really all I had to cover today. Did you have any questions?
Nathan Hill: Let's see I don't yet. It's bound to they're bound to be some questions once I get a little deeper into it.
Robin Barrow: Oh, I'm sure. Yeah. And I am here when they do come up. Yeah, I would say next step to schedule time with the support team and get it downloaded on your computer.
Nathan Hill: Okay. Okay.
Robin Barrow: Same told you this call. I was gonna be quick. If there's anything else you need feel free to reach out, but I'll send a follow up email over shortly.
Nathan Hill: Okay. Well, good. That's perfect. I appreciate your time and the brief call. Yeah.
Nathan Hill: Yeah. Well, I'm sure we'll talk again.
Robin Barrow: Oh, yes. Absolutely. And I'm gonna send over the you'll see a link for the compliance accelerator shortly. Be sure to log in before the end of tomorrow just because it does expire after 24 hours. That's all I ask.
Nathan Hill: I see. Okay.
Robin Barrow: Okay. Awesome. Well, thank you, Nathan. It's really nice to meet you.
Nathan Hill: Well, it's good to meet you too. Thanks again. And let's uh
Nathan Hill: Let's talk later.
Robin Barrow: Yeah. I'll send a follow up shortly.
Nathan Hill: Great. Thank you. Bye bye. Bye. Bye now.