Account: Advanced Management Group, LLC
Call Date: 2026-01-07
Duration: 00:08:49
Participants: Zackary Gilman, Jessica Lawrence, Jeremy Lawrence

======================================================================

Zackary Gilman: So
Zackary Gilman: Are we waiting for hello? Anybody good afternoon else?
Zackary Gilman: To people we're all
Jessica Lawrence: Hello, we're here.
Zackary Gilman: Okay. Perfect. Awesome. Well, my name is Zack. From the customer success team here at PreVeil. This call should be relatively straightforward, relatively simple. It's just pretty much to welcome you to prevail, introduce you to myself kind of go over some resources at your disposal and then also go into some some next steps if that works for you guys.
Jessica Lawrence: Okay. That sounds great.
Zackary Gilman: Awesome. Well, just to kick off, I would love to hear about what brought you to PreVeil what your goals are with PreVeil and sort of what you guys do over there.
Jessica Lawrence: Sure. We are a general an electrical contractor. Work primarily with the federal government. So our driving force that brought us to PreVeil was the that CMC requirements. We needed a secure way to transfer documents between ourselves and our subcontractors and that met the I think we need like level 2. So PreVeil was a
Jessica Lawrence: We were understood understanding that it would help us meet that requirement.
Zackary Gilman: Awesome. Yeah, that's most of the or where customers come from is that cms level 2 requirements and then in terms of the package that you guys got or the subscription you got it looks like it's 5 users with one admin as well as the compliance accelerator, is that correct?
Jessica Lawrence: Sure. Yes, I didn't do a lot of the discussing when we got set up. But okay.
Zackary Gilman: No worries. To double check. Yeah. The compliance accelerator, is that the the templates and the documentation for the CMC compliance? If I understand, exactly.
Zackary Gilman: Great. Fantastic.
Zackary Gilman: Awesome. Yeah. The that's the compliance accelerator. I can add whoever you want to that. If I've got the 2 emails from this invite, you're able to have up to 3 people inside the compliance accelerator at one time. Do you think you 2 would want to be on it? If not, you can always forward me some some emails, afterwards if you would rather some some other folks being on it.
Jessica Lawrence: Yeah, I would definitely think the 2 of us and then we can follow up with if there's a third that we'd like to add. Okay. Perfect. The one kind of spearheading this effort to become compliant or that we're the ones trying to to do it. So
Zackary Gilman: Awesome. Well, that makes sense. Yes. So after this, I'll add you guys to that compliance accelerator. It'll come from our learning management system. And just note that the link does expire in 24 hours for security purposes. So just make sure you log in before before that happens. But if it does happen, feel free to just let me know. I'm always happy to resend it. Okay. In terms of the next steps from here. So this is obviously the welcome call. Have you guys had a chance to go in and set your org up at all? It's just the download piece. It should have been that first link or the second link on that. Welcome email. No worries. If not though.
Jessica Lawrence: No, I like started the download process, but I never finished it. And I guess, we originally I was using the PreVeil express just to kind of like feel out if this was a service we wanted and I created an account on there. I just wasn't sure how I put files on there that we had transferred between ourselves and some subcontractors is. Do I still create like a new account or is that account going to be tied to this new PreVeil account?
Zackary Gilman: So yeah, it'll recognize that you already had a PreVeil account and at once the download is complete. Once you log into PreVeil, using those instructions, it'll simply ask you if you'd like to upgrade that account, which you'd click yes. And then you'd have your existing account, but you'd have obviously the admin console that you need to to be compliant with.
Jessica Lawrence: Okay. Perfect.
Zackary Gilman: So yeah, the next step, like I said, is the org setup. It's relatively quick. Like you said, it's pretty much just a download usually around 5 to 10 minutes getting that set up. And then the next step after that would be to set up some time with our technical onboarding team. So that's gonna be more of a technical call. Those calls are an hour long. And from there, they're able to show you things like the recovery groups, setting up your actual admin console and kind of diving into the platform and show you know, the ins and outs of it. Also be able to answer any technical questions as well.
Jessica Lawrence: So, are they, is that going to be prompted and they're gonna reach out to us to schedule that or is there somewhere we need to log in to schedule?
Zackary Gilman: So within that welcome email, the first link is the link you scheduled this call with. The second one will be that org setup and then there will be a third link right after that says once you're done with that schedule some time with our technical onboarding team. As well as after this, I'm gonna send a follow up email and the link will be in there as well to schedule some time with them.
Jessica Lawrence: Perfect. I apologize. I have not like I have not reviewed the welcome email, so I apologize.
Zackary Gilman: No. No worries. That's
Jessica Lawrence: Address there.
Zackary Gilman: Yeah. No worries. It's all all good. That's what this calls for to set you guys up head in the right direction. But yeah, org setup onboarding process. Again, this will all be in the follow up email compliance accelerator access. We just went over. So I'll add you to. And again, feel free to let me know if there's a third person you'd like to add. Happy to do that. Whenever you find that person. Some resources you have available to you, no need to write these down. These will again again being in the follow up email. But you have compliance at PreVeil.com for any compliance related questions that feel that you want to shoot over an email as well as support at PreVeil.com for any support or technical issues. We also have a ticketing system. I'll send you the link as well. You're able to submit tickets that way as well. In addition to that, you also have with the compliance accelerator 6 30 minute sessions with our compliance team. It'll be under additional compliance resources. Once you get into the accelerator, it's one of the first 2 things you'll see. And from there, usually people will take advantage of that for either scoping questions, documentation questions, they're super knowledgeable in terms of the ins and outs of compliance. So definitely take use of those again. There's 6 30 minute sessions.
Zackary Gilman: So you're able to go in and sort of they're able to put you in the right direction as well as if you guys are looking for any external help, they're able to kind of put you in the right direction in terms of who might be able to to help cover some of the things that we might not be able to.
Jessica Lawrence: Okay.
Zackary Gilman: And then the only other thing left for us is or I guess on on my spiel is the 90 day check in call. Usually I'll just book it out 90 days from from today. So it will probably be the first week of April probably around the same time as this. But as it gets closer, if the timing doesn't work out, feel free to change it around always happen to work around your schedules.
Jessica Lawrence: Okay.
Zackary Gilman: But that's kind of it for my spiel. Happy to answer any questions. Like I said, this call is very simple. Very straightforward. It's just sort of welcome you to myself. You've got my email obviously to to ask any questions as well as compliance and support. But just want to make sure if there's any questions or anything like that can open up the floor if you've got any. Any burning questions.
Jessica Lawrence: My questions are probably more technical, so. I think I will try to get this actually set up and then, I guess we'll follow up with any questions we have, but I'm assuming that's more for the technical side. I have questions just about like, utilizing and what we can do and cannot do with PreVeil. I'm assuming that's probably not for this current call.
Zackary Gilman: Yeah, it's probably easier for support. I mean, you could you can try and ask me if you'd like.
Jessica Lawrence: No, no, it's fine. That's fine. I'll. But other than that, I don't have any questions that this was a very well organized. Welcome call. So it sounds pretty straightforward. I think we can do the next steps.
Zackary Gilman: Yeah, we try to make things easy. And like I said, once on that onboarding call, they're gonna be able to dive into it. Give you kind of the visual overview and be able to set up your admin console. So probably answer some questions there as well.
Jessica Lawrence: Okay. Cool.
Zackary Gilman: Awesome. Well, if there's nothing else, I'll go ahead and send over you'll get 2 emails from me or I guess one email from you will be the follow up as well as e mail to each of you from our learning management system. That's an invite to our compliance accelerator and again, don't hesitate to reach out if there's any questions. I'll put on the 90 day check in and you're always able to to change around that time when it gets closer. Okay. Sounds good. Awesome. Well, thank you both. Hope you have a great rest of your day.
Jessica Lawrence: Thank you too.