Account: AECOS
Call Date: 2025-12-05
Duration: 00:18:26
Participants: Zackary Gilman, Andrew Meggs, Ann Mello

======================================================================

Andrew Meggs: So
Ann: Am hello? Ann, swamped? I almost hello. Forgot about the meeting. I how forgot are to you bring in my laptop. I so am I am okay on my cell I phone.
Andrew Meggs: Oh, okay. Well I yeah. Well, I'm that's okay. Hopefully, this won't take too terribly long. I know that you had had some issues with PreVeil, so I wanted to have a check in with you to see how things were going. I guess before I get into my point, how are things going with PreVeil or just in general?
Ann: Honestly, I love it. I love being able to send the encrypted emails and not have to worry about outlook encryption, which I think, sucks. And I've used I used the PreVeil drive all the time and I share files. I love it. The problem is the other admins that don't know how to use it. And so, right now, neither of them are even able to log in, they can't figure it out. And I can't do anything in terms of inviting other people or removing people that are no longer with us, because everything requires 2 out of the 3 approval groups to approve and the 3 of us, the 3 admins. I'm the only one who knows how to use it and they can't figure out how to use it. So I'm kind of stuck as far as managing our licenses and inviting other because you know, we had an employee leave, we had an employee pass away. I'm trying to invite new employees, remove the old ones. I can't do any of that, because nobody knows how to use it.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. Okay. A couple of things there. Um
Andrew Meggs: Long story short in terms of usage, I can provide some training materials, but also if you wanted to set up a like a training session, we could certainly do that with your users. Our support team can provide a training session on on admin roles and responsibilities as well as just general usage. But also in a pinch when it comes to deleting users. Our support team can also delete users themselves if you aren't able to set up a approval group. And yeah, I mean, have you worked with our support team at all to to to delete anybody?
Ann: No. I had sent an email quite quite a while back, I think over a year ago and never got a response. So I and like I said, I just use it myself as an email and a drive. So sure if nobody else is really needing to do anything, I've just let it go, but it's really a waste because we paid for these licenses and pretty much I'm the only one using it. So I just when we got one of those surveys saying how are things going? I figured? Okay, I'm gonna say something and maybe somebody can help me
Andrew Meggs: Yeah, sure. I guess I mean, for context of who I am in my role, I'm kind of the account manager, if you will. I'm on the technical my title customer success manager. And by the way, also on this call, Zack, he's a new member of the customer success team. So but in case you're wondering why there's also another person on this call.
Ann: Shadowing.
Andrew Meggs: Me. But yeah when you sent that survey out it sends a notification to the whole team and then I wanted to follow up with you on this. So it sounds like it's mostly a training issue on some level, but also a somewhat technical issue. We would love to set up a training for you and I'll provide some some materials as well. But beyond that, I'm also looking at your account and it looks like you'll have a lot of express users. So these would be users that you're not able to see as the admin? They have express accounts. I guess are you aware of that? Or do you know what use case these express users have?
Ann: I think they just signed up for free. They received an email.
Ann: And they yeah, they just signed up to receive the emails or whatever. So some of them we wanted to put on as actual users, some of them we don't because they don't really need it except for one random email a year or something. But yeah. I haven't been able to do anything, so. Just let them stay all stay as express users. Sure.
Andrew Meggs: The I guess the reason I ask and I guess I'll get to. Let me take a couple of steps back here in terms of the use case for PreVeil. Are you all looking to be CMC level 2 compliant or are you handling UI or what's the use case for PreVeil for you?
Ann: We are trying to get to CMC level one. I don't know if we're trying to get to level 2 or not. We haven't even gotten to level one yet and that's been a big mountain to climb. So sure.
Andrew Meggs: Okay. The reason I mentioned it is that the express accounts because they are the express accounts. They're not affiliated with the organization or under administrative review. They are not compliant accounts. So if any of those people at any point or potentially handling UI or anything like that, they would need to be sub sued into your organization. So just as a heads up. I can what I can do is after this call, I'll send a follow up email with training materials and the link to the training schedule and everything. But I'll also include the list of people that we have on file is having an express account with the AECOS.com email domain. You'll be able to see that and if there's anyone on there that you think
Andrew Meggs: Might potentially accidentally get their hands on any sort of sensitive information. It would probably be a good idea to to invite them into the org and have them
Ann: Yeah, I know there's at least one on there that I wanted on the organization. There could be others, but I know of at least one that I really wanted to invite. But again, like I said, I can't really do anything because the approval group is me. And the president and the owner and the president and the owner are not super tech savvy and have no interest in learning. So although I'll send them the training material, I'm not sure they'll bother.
Andrew Meggs: Sure. So
Ann: Yeah. There's a little bit of push back on they don't they're not interested in becoming compliant, even though we have no choice, right? And
Andrew Meggs: I and I totally get that a
Andrew Meggs: An elegant workaround, there is you could actually make a different approval group. And if you wanted to, you could create dummy accounts with alternative email addresses that you could use for that approval group. So you wouldn't have to include the people who don't want to be included. That's
Ann: What I was wondering if that was something like that was possible because that would be more useful if I could I mean, it a dummy account would be fine too. Because I but there's at least one person who's on here. She's actually my sister. But she would be helpful to have on the approval group because then at least she and I would 2 of us who actually know how to use the program can do approvals. So it can be any
Andrew Meggs: 3 users. It doesn't necessarily have to be the admins or doesn't have to be the president or what have you. So if you wanted to create another approval group and include you and your sister and if you I mean, for the purposes of just doing an approval group, if you wanted to just make a dummy account you know and admin
Ann: AECOS. So, yeah.
Andrew Meggs: That you could just do that to to to make things make life easier for you.
Ann: Okay. Well, I did try that. I tried to make an approval group that had me and Linda and Carmen. I don't know if you can see what's on there on our account. But it needed the approval of Susan and Eric in order to make the approval group I needed approval from the other. So I mean, I'm kind of stuck in a loop here that shouldn't
Andrew Meggs: Be the case, you shouldn't need another approval groups.
Andrew Meggs: Unless you're referring to like, a recovery group or something. You shouldn't need an approval groups approval to make another approval group if that's English. But yeah. Um
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. No, you should be able to just make another approval group as the admin without needing another approval groups approval. I don't know. But yeah. So
Andrew Meggs: That shouldn't be the case. The only thing I can think of is maybe it was doing an admin approval group or something like that. But yeah, theoretically you should just be able to make a new one. Because I mean, in order to delete old approval groups, you have to make a new new approval groups. Anyways, which we I don't want to get into the weeds, but long story short, you theoretically shouldn't need the old old approval groups, approval. You can make as many approval groups as you want, but I'll look into that, but but I'll that'll I'll include that in the training stuff. I'll send. But yeah, I mean, either way, I would still recommend scheduling a refresher course or refresher quick training session, if you will with the support team. So I'll include a link to their calendar to do that. Okay. And I'll also include those express users. So if any of those you think need to be sub summed into your account, I'll let me make a note of that. I'll include a knowledge base article on how to sub some users. It's basically you just invite them and they click yes on the invitation. Um
Andrew Meggs: But but yeah it sounds like most of these issues are manageable there general use it sounds like at least for you at the very least you're you know using it well and don't have any problems there yeah and then what else yeah was there any other like have you yourself had any technical issues or problems using PreVeil
Ann: I have not. I tried to access it from another device and there was a little bit of an issue there because it was like I had to go to an old device to approve the new device or whatever, but I managed to get that working. But apparently one of our Susan the president one of the people who can't get in, she's having that problem now. She says she can't get in and it's telling her to go to her other device to approve it. And she says she doesn't have another device. So she was supposed to work with our it people to contact you guys to try and get in. I don't know if she's ever managed to get that working.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. That's unfortunately or fortunately, depending on on your view of it sort of by design. We to be extra secure. We don't use passwords or anything like that, right? The keys to your account account are installed directly onto your device. So if you needed to have another device you could but that's also that's kind of going back to your initial problem there. You could even if she didn't have access to her old device, if you had a recovery group setup for her account, you could use the recovery group to recover her account and add it to a new device. But that requires an approval setup, which, as you've just said, is an issue. So if you were to create a new approval group and assign her account to that approval group as her, recovery group account to that approval group, you could recover her account with her. It's talking. You could recover her account with the recovery group using the new approval group without necessarily having access to her old computer. So it is possible, but it would need a new approval group. You set up first
Ann: Okay. I guess to
Andrew Meggs: Get to the point there. Yeah.
Ann: What I need is some kind of customer support to figure all that out. Because right now, I'm confused about what I've got and what works and what doesn't. Like I said, I know mine works. I can get into my email. I can get into my drive, but I don't know if anybody else can do anything and I don't know what I need to do. Right now I'm looking at the user list under the admin and I've got approval group C and approval group be listed under people and like I don't I'm just really confused about all of that. So I need some help with that.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So so that's I mean, that's why I would I mean, ultimately, just kind of getting back to my original point scheduling some time with support team to like, walk you through it and have them help you set up the approval group. Yeah. Would they'll be able to help you with that.
Ann: Okay. Yeah, that's what I need. I definitely need some help with that.
Andrew Meggs: Because but I'm yeah. Ultimately I think the solution here would be to create a new approval group. Then you'll be able to create new recover groups, which will allow you to recover all these people's accounts. Okay.
Ann: All right. That's good. Good to know. And then I can try to invite some of our express users. I think we only have 8 licenses. So I think I have one person on here who needs to be deleted because she's not with us anymore, which is too bad because she was one of the few who knew how to use it. And that leaves 4. So I have room to invite 4 more people to join.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. So so you have 8 licenses. We are seeing 14 people with express accounts in the system just as a heads up. So not that you need to do this, but in the event that you needed more than 8 licenses, let me know and we could put together an order form for that, but I'll send all this over and you can invite whomever you need to to the org to to to be so they will have. So you have administrative review under them of them. And then yeah, honestly, that sounds like it'll fix most of your problems. Is setting up that new approval group and recovering accounts. Okay. And then just general general training for your endusers, if they want it. And I'll also, like I said, send over all this turning material and everything that we have off hand. But but yeah. I mean, honestly, as long as there's one person who knows what they're doing, which it sounds like there is with you, that's the important thing is at least there's there's one person at the helm who's who's on track there. So yeah.
Ann: Yeah, like I said, I love it. Yeah, I love being able to send the encrypted emails. I love being able to use that encrypted drive that just it's super helpful to be yeah. It's kind of frustrating that other people. The important people I mean, other people are using it the express way, but like the admin, the owner and the president who were supposed to be our admin who were supposed to be part of my group managing this, none of them know how to use it. So it's just driving me crazy.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. Yeah. But yeah, we try to make it as easy possible. We try to make it as easy as possible, but yeah. Sometimes still people need a little bit of help there and that's okay. That's why we're here. Yeah, I'll send all this over and then you have my contact information now. So if in the future you have any problems or concerns or anything like that, please don't hesitate to reach out to me.
Ann: Okay. Sounds good. Could you tell me when the current I think we did like a 3 year thing when we signed up for this. When does that end?
Andrew Meggs: So yeah. You like I was saying you are currently licensed for 8 total licenses. And the current end date is July 1st 20 26. So okay. Yeah.
Ann: All right. Because our our CMC consultant was saying that we actually shouldn't need PreVeil anymore because Microsoft G CC has something and I don't wanna I prefer PreVeil over Microsoft, so I'm hoping that they won't ask us or recommend that we cancel and
Andrew Meggs: Go with it. Yeah. So
Andrew Meggs: Depending on what cms level you need. Um
Andrew Meggs: Microsoft GCC High is another compliance solution though it is much more expensive than PreVeil. But it is another compliance solution that you would need for level 2 compliance. But in in the event that your person recommends, that definitely also reach out to us. We were pretty knowledgeable about the differences between PreVeil and Microsoft and you definitely don't need Microsoft to be compliant. We PreVeil is a compliance solution. We just had our 55th client pass an assessment. Oh, yeah, level 2. So it certainly is a compliance solution. You don't necessarily need Microsoft for it. So so I will reach out closer to your renewal anyways to check in. But but yeah, I will send all this over and yeah, that's kind of it for me. The uh
Andrew Meggs: Yeah.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. It sounds like we at least figure out the source of the issue here and we have a path forward. And yeah, like I was saying if you do have any questions or if you need anything else, let me know. I'm actually we're actually having our company meeting next week. So I'll actually be out of the office for most of next week, but the they're flying us. Not me. Zack already lives there. He doesn't have to fly anywhere, but I'm flying to Boston. So so I'll be in Boston for most of next week, but if you do need anything, let me know. And yeah, unless there is anything else I can send all this over and I'll let you get back to it.
Ann: Nope. I think that's it. Thank you. I'll look for your email and information and hopefully I'll be able to set up something with the support team to figure out what I'm doing and clean this up and get people.
Andrew Meggs: Invited. All right. Sounds good. And thank you very much for your time and hope you have a great weekend.
Ann: Thank you too. Bye. All right. Bye. Bye.