Account: AeroTools Connection, LLC
Call Date: 2026-02-03
Duration: 00:10:49
Participants: Robin Barrow

======================================================================

Elizabeth: So
Elizabeth: Hi Elizabeth. How are you?
Elizabeth: Can you hear me okay? I hear you.
Robin Barrow: Oh, perfect. That's fine. Great. Thank you for joining. This call, honestly, should be fairly quick. This is your welcome call. I just want to go over what you all signed up for and talk about next steps and then also help address any questions you have on the process or any like that. Yeah. Here, I can turn my camera on. You don't have to turn on. I just want to tell you that I exist.
Elizabeth: Um
Robin Barrow: I feel like silly just talking because with everything going on with the AI, I'm like, I just probably show my face
Elizabeth: So yeah.
Robin Barrow: Yeah. Just to confirm what you signed up for. I see you have one user. So one user in total admin. And I see that you also purchased a compliance accelerator, which is great. And I can make sure I add you to that now. Okay. But if you don't mind sharing, why do you need PreVeil?
Elizabeth: Oh. I work with some of my clients have access UI. So I need them to be able to I need to be able to access their UI. So that's how I ended up going through PreVeil and I've seen PreVeil before. And I've worked with with it with other clients, but not as familiar. I still need the onboarding and tutorial because I've never used it. On an ongoing basis. It's always been like on and off. Yeah. Yeah. No, no. I'm actually super happy with PreVeil when I've seen it before.
Robin Barrow: Great. Yeah. With us, you're a full user. You get the domain, you get the technical onboarding. That will be after this call. But do you need cms level two? Yes, you do? Okay. That's where the compliance accelerator will come in and I'm sure Marco might have explained, but I can go over to the compliance accelerator. We call it the 10 step guide to getting compliant. It will bring you all the way really green. What is the MC? Why is important all the way through? How do I score a one ten? So I just added you to this it is separate from the PreVeil platform. You will get an invite, it does expire after 24 hours. So just make sure you click the link. Okay. But
Robin Barrow: I'm gonna show you something. It might overwhelm you at first, but you'll get there. Once you go through the courses, this is our Acme documentation package. And what this is it's a fully completed cms level 2 docs package. So every document in here was actually approved by C 3 Pao reviewed and got certified for level 2. So you have examples that you can use at your disposal. It's just a really good example of what a 1 10 company looks like. You can click that and start downloading all the documents. Okay. When you're ready, I always suggest go through the courses, get an understanding if you're like, I already know about teams and what I have to do and dive into step 6. Alongside of this, you also get access to our compliance team. You can book time with them here. You get up to 6 30 minute session. So 3 hours and you can also email them. So that doesn't really count against your time. It's if you have any one off quick questions, you can shoot them an email here.
Elizabeth: Got it. Okay.
Robin Barrow: Yes. Yeah, that's the compliance side of PreVeil. But really, for the PreVeil platform, I'm gonna double check right now. I'm gonna see because you might already
Robin Barrow: Have
Robin Barrow: Express account. Let me just see. Oh, I'm not actually seeing you an express account with your current domain. So yeah, what you would just do I'll send resend the directions on how to download, PreVeil and everything. Okay. Just download PreVeil on your device that you intend to you communicate to you on
Robin Barrow: And from there you should be good to just schedule time with sporting.
Elizabeth: Yeah. Perfect.
Robin Barrow: I did see that you had a question regarding I think it was the express version of PreVeil and how you communicate with third parties to Marco
Elizabeth: Yes. Yes. Because I wanted to make sure because all the limitations that other systems have is that you can go to a third party site and then download directly into the enclave and a lot of government sites. They can't just email the document. You have to go to their website and download it. So my main concern was that you would be able to download it whatever the best terminology is into the PreVeil on leave or into the PreVeil scope. Yeah. Awesome.
Elizabeth: Is that something that you would be able to show me now or is that too too complicated?
Robin Barrow: Let me try it's always worth the try. I'm gonna send myself a test document. It's gonna be difficult because
Elizabeth: It's okay. It's not it's no worries. I honestly just wanted to make sure that because I asked him, I confirmed it it's one of those things you want. Yeah. Cause that one's an important one. So that's okay. Go ahead. Yeah, I
Robin Barrow: Was gonna say I can let me just see if I can. I'll try you know, we get time. So we're only 6 minutes in. Yeah, of course. So I'm just gonna send it to myself.
Robin Barrow: Okay. I'm gonna you really just have to change the file path.
Robin Barrow: So
Robin Barrow: This is a test email. I'm gonna send this to you. I just gonna make sure it doesn't go to my downloads. That's what I am opening up. And that's gonna go straight to downloads.
Robin Barrow: I believe if you go
Robin Barrow: If you're going from an FTP site, you would just open up your file explorer if your sync is on. So this is my PreVeil demo environment and this you'll get this file explorer and you can just you can drag and drop into your file explore. Again, my demo environment is so empty. So
Elizabeth: No. Okay.
Robin Barrow: So it should go in there and there we go. So now it's in PreVeil in the protected space so you can drag and drop. And then I can even show you on the actual browser application where you'll now see that file.
Elizabeth: Okay.
Robin Barrow: Let me just get PreVeil up and running.
Robin Barrow: So you would drag and drop into your file explore it should add that way.
Robin Barrow: And we'll go
Robin Barrow: See
Robin Barrow: Make sure which one I put it in.
Robin Barrow: It right through there.
Robin Barrow: Oh, I don't have my sync on. It's not gonna work. I have to turn my sync on, but that's that is the process. You either change the file path of the download. Okay. You just drag and drop.
Elizabeth: Yeah. Got it. Okay.
Robin Barrow: And it should show up right through there. Great. And then, so yeah. Any questions on next steps or what to expect?
Elizabeth: No. So you were gonna send me and you said it's separate, right? The compliance and the docs are a separate path or different separate site and you're gonna send me that. And then yeah, you are also gonna send me the link so I can start. I don't know if the correct term is downloading or accessing the PreVeil platform already.
Robin Barrow: Yeah. I'm gonna send you the download. It's really more directions on the links to download. And then once you take it from there, you you can I'll give you the link to book with the support team as well.
Elizabeth: Perfect. Okay.
Robin Barrow: And additionally, I will be scheduling time for us to reconnect sometime in. I think we're out to may now it's our 90 day check in just to make sure you're feeling good. You guys in the platform. But of course, if you have any questions before then just reach out and we can either jump on a call or I can answer right over email. I'm like I said. Yeah, I'm your main point of contact. So I'm here to help.
Elizabeth: Okay. Awesome. Robin, thank you so much. You've been awesome.
Robin Barrow: Of course. I mean, this was to be honest, Elizabeth, my easiest call today, so thank you so much.
Robin Barrow: And you're on my last call. So there we go on there.
Elizabeth: Perfect. Perfect. Yeah, thank you so much.
Robin Barrow: I'll send a follow up email shortly and you enjoy the rest of your day.
Elizabeth: Well, same to you Robin. Take care. Thank you. Bye. Bye.