Account: Air Industries Group
Call Date: 2025-12-22
Duration: 00:11:10
Participants: Robin Barrow

======================================================================

Robin Barrow: So
Robin Barrow: Thank you for reaching out. Hi Spencer, how are you? To be honest, Spencer I was trying. Hi, Robin to figure how are out you? The original I'm good reason. This call was booked and I see that you booked time. So yeah, I just kind of wanted to hear what I can help out with and right?
Spencer . White: I mean from my point of view, I just started here.
Spencer . White: 6 7 weeks ago. So I've taken over from the person that was here previously.
Robin Barrow: Okay. I guess
Spencer . White: If there's any like, sort of primers or training or basics that I should know or like a walk through a bit from our perspective. That's the sort of thing that I'm sort of looking for.
Robin Barrow: Yeah, I can definitely help out. So you took over for Dean?
Spencer . White: That's correct. Yeah.
Robin Barrow: Okay. Okay. Okay. Great. So yeah. I assuming so you all came to us through data soft now. And I assume that data soft has kind of filled you in on why you originally purchased PreVeil. I'm assuming if you all are working on a couple of government regulation. Perfect. Okay. Great. So we actually I can set you up with an admin training. So I can get to with our support team and we can go over they'll go over the whole platform for you. So they'll they'll go through all the admin functions. Before Dean left. Did he add you to the platform? Have you been added to PreVeil at all?
Spencer . White: I logged in as him and added myself in so
Robin Barrow: Okay. Okay. Perfect. Okay. And did you create your did you make sure you were an admin as well? Yes. Yeah. Okay. Excellent. All right. I wanted to make sure that was all taken care of. You can as the admin now, you can go out and delete Dean if you haven't done. So already the goal is for that to down the line, just create some sort of approval group. So then you don't have to be Dean and get in there. You can go through the whole process. So that's just something to keep in mind in the port team will definitely go through that as well. And I'm gonna make sure. Okay, you're no longer being no longer at the company. Okay. And then for your actual product, you all get access to the compliance accelerator. So this area, I can definitely cover with you. Has anyone filled you in on what the accelerator is or anything like that? No. Okay. Great. Actually not great. I'll go over it now. That's what I mean. The compliance accelerator. It is our 10 step guide to getting. Compliance. So what it does it walks you through cms, really green. What is it? Why is it important all the way through? How do I score a one ten? So it's based out of yeah. It's based out of a learning management system. And we always suggest all the content is great. So go through it, but if you're looking for the meet and being like, as to why people usually purchase the accelerator, it's because of our documentation.
Robin Barrow: We have created an any docs package, acne being a fake company and all the documentation has been fully assessed by PO. So if you took this package change your name did nothing else, you would score 1 10 based on just documentation. Obviously, there's gonna be some changes that need to be made to your security infrastructure. You probably your team has already been working on this, but if anything, it's a really good guide of what a 1 10 company would look like. I see, do you have access to our all our templates and I'll make sure I'll add you to this. It's separate outside of PreVeil and you will get a separate link for this?
Spencer . White: That'd be great.
Robin Barrow: Yeah. And then alongside the accelerate, you get 6 30 minute sessions with the compliance team and you can book time with them right through here. So under additional compliance resources. So companies use this link, really any one off questions you have regarding cms. So you are currently in the process or in the early days and you just need an overview of like, okay, what do we need to do immediately to get us to the full compliance that's a great situation to meet with the compliance team. You can also email them any one off questions. So say if you have a current process or workflow, you just want to yes, it is a compliant or no. This is in compliant answer. I always say just e mail them, because that doesn't count against your time. Okay.
Robin Barrow: Yeah, that's the accelerator. There's a lot of like I mentioned a lot of great content. You can work through on in your own time. But a lot of our customers have found this extremely helpful with getting to 1 10. So
Robin Barrow: Definitely I'll add you as soon as possible. Any questions on this? not yet. No. Maybe later.
Spencer . White: On when I get into it might but yeah, I guess we'll see.
Robin Barrow: Sure. And I'll that's okay. I'll add you right now. And then for the actual PreVeil platform, I'm gonna send over a link to you in my follow up email and you can book time with the compliance team. I mean, the tech team to go over the admin functions, right? In your own time. So whenever you're available, I'm sure you're probably stepping away in the next couple of weeks here for the holidays, but they're available. They actually have some time next week too, if you wanted to. Okay. That'll be helpful.
Spencer . White: Definitely, certainly.
Robin Barrow: Sure. And just some contract uh
Robin Barrow: Stuff I can go over again. You all came to us through data, soft now. So Tom knows who's the one I think that's how you pronounce last name.
Spencer . White: To know, yeah.
Robin Barrow: Yes. Who brought you all to us. And your contract is good until the end of August or the beginning of August. So that's kind of one we'll talk about usage and who to add it looks like you all have a good chunk of users. You can put into the platform you have 40. I'm not sure if you're seeing that many right now that are in the system, but
Spencer . White: Yeah. I'm yet to really get into it and figure out who else needs it and all of that jazz. So. Okay. Yeah. That's definitely something that I need to get more of a handle on for sure.
Robin Barrow: Yeah. You let me know if you need help. We can do training for standard users as well for the staff. So you just let me know. I'm just taking a look here. Yeah. You all definitely have room to add more to.
Spencer . White: The that's a good amount of licenses, then I guess.
Robin Barrow: You all have a good amount. You're utilizing.
Robin Barrow: Maybe 5 of them forty, yes.
Spencer . White: Okay. That is yeah. There's room for approve it there.
Robin Barrow: Yeah. 100% and again, I'm happy to provide resources. I want to get you all using the platform it. Makes sense. We're reaching out to Dean and Dean is no longer there. So I usually do a check in on users. Okay. And I will say I still see Dean as an admin, so I would just change the name.
Spencer . White: So yeah, I guess for security reasons, we have to get them out of there anyway. So yeah. Because he's not even an employee.
Robin Barrow: Right. So to that and our team can help out with that too. So when you meet with them, be like here are my number one, let's get 10 out of their number 2 get me in there and number 3. How do I use the platform? Yeah.
Robin Barrow: And then the last one I would say let's get your team. I want to help you get up and running. So I'm your main point of contact here at PreVeil. I'm your customer success manager. So I want to make sure you all are happy.
Spencer . White: Absolutely, yes. Yeah. And if I get any other questions, I guess with the as I go, I'll certainly be reaching out.
Robin Barrow: Please, do. I'm gonna like I said, I'm gonna send over a follow up e mail. So you'll see everything just the list of next steps. And I'll provide the link for to get you a refresher training, for sure. Gotcha. Okay.
Spencer . White: Absolutely. Sounds good. Perfect. Yeah.
Robin Barrow: What questions do you have for me if any? I know you have probably we're gonna have a lot soon, but
Spencer . White: Yes. Yeah. I'm trying to think, really. I mean, it doesn't sound like that. Many people have actually been added in yet and I have noticed that. Um
Spencer . White: I've seen a couple use it. A couple of people use it and they've been using it through the web browser. But I noticed that you can actually add the outlook add in 2. So I think people get a little bit confused when they're using one and the other like, in the browser and in outlook, the trouble sort of disseminating so. Maybe it's better for me to be getting those people set up with the the client for outlook.
Robin Barrow: Yes. Yeah.
Robin Barrow: Yeah. The plugin works. Um
Robin Barrow: We're still working on the web version of outlook, but it works for the desktop version of outlook.
Spencer . White: I think that's where most people do their e mailing here, so. Okay. Yeah, I'll definitely be suggesting that for a few people really scratching the heads of it. Where am I getting my emails over here? Is like really like, fundamental stuff, you know. So
Robin Barrow: No. It is. Once I get using it's easy. Like I do see for instance, some of your users are express users, but there's some into the organization. So they have like our free version, but it's and that could have been just like requirements of setup or some of the permissions on the computer, which is okay. It's still you still get pretty full access to the platform. But yeah, there's definitely room for improvement on your org for sure as far as getting you all using it. And like I said, I'm here to help I'll send over the all resources too.
Spencer . White: Yeah. That'd be fantastic.
Robin Barrow: Sure. I can do that well. I'm gonna also put another check in for us, probably sometime in the beginning of March just to make sure that things are chugging along, make sure I didn't drop the ball or anything and make sure that we're getting users in the system. Does that work for you?
Spencer . White: Yeah, absolutely. Yeah, that'd be great. Yeah. Perfect.
Robin Barrow: Awesome. Well, I'll send this over shortly. Is there anything else I can help out with right now?
Spencer . White: No, I think that's it. Like I said, as I go I'll come up with things for you. So that's perfect.
Robin Barrow: Okay. Awesome. Well, thank you Spencer for jumping on and booking time with me. I'll send this follow up shortly and if I don't talk to you have a happy holidays and enjoy
Spencer . White: Enjoy have a nice time.
Robin Barrow: Thank you. Have
Spencer . White: A good one. Bye. Bye. Yeah, you too. Take care.