Account: ALC Engineered Solutions dba KRC Racing
Call Date: 2026-01-26
Duration: 00:16:28
Participants: Robin Barrow, Ryan Wheeler

======================================================================

Robin Barrow: So Ryan, how are you
Ryan Wheeler: Good, good. How are you?
Robin Barrow: I'm doing well. Thank you. Thanks for jumping on. This is your welcome call. This call should be fairly quick. We're just gonna go over. Hi, what you all signed up for our next steps and how to get started.
Ryan Wheeler: Sure.
Robin Barrow: You see here?
Robin Barrow: I want to make sure I got everything pulled up. So just to confirm what you signed up for I see that you have 4 users to those being admin. You also purchase the compliance accelerator and yeah, your official start dates in February, but it's okay. We can get started now. Yeah. If you don't mind sharing, why do you all need PreVeil?
Ryan Wheeler: So we're looking at the CMC requirements for government contracting and things like that. We do some we go after some smaller parts through like, dives. I don't know if you're familiar with that da and stuff like that. Yeah. And we also have a prime contractor that we've been trying to get on board with and just recently. They're like, yeah, we need you to be level 2 CMC certified. So um
Ryan Wheeler: The third party part of it. We haven't really done much you haven't explored that yet. But first off with Val was kind of the first step to getting us in in a spot where we could actually check most of those boxes, yes. And then and then kind of move forward from there. Okay.
Robin Barrow: That makes sense to me. Pretty standard use case of PreVeil. So are you haven't like you mentioned you haven't set up time with A C 3 Pao, please? Yeah. Please do their network. When you do and when you're ready, I know this is the first initial step getting PreVeil and set up. But when you are ready for that full on assessment, reach out to us, I'm sure Craig mentioned we have a partner network that we would love to refer some of our C 3 PO to
Ryan Wheeler: Yeah.
Robin Barrow: Yeah. It's honestly better too, because they're familiar with PreVeil. So they understand the process they've done assessments with folks that use PreVeil before. So it's pretty seamless. And for the accelerator, I'm gonna add you to the accelerator accelerator platform. Really what this is and I'm sure Craig might have mentioned is we call it our 10 step guide to getting compliance. So it takes you really green. What a cms all the way through how you score 1 10. It also includes the necessary templates you need for CMC level 2 and yeah. And with that, you also get access to our compliance team. You get those 6 30 minute sessions and you can book time with them right through the accelerator as well. We call that our compliance side of PreVeil, that's where everything lives. You will get AE mail invite for that shortly. Excellent. Where are you Ryan? Are you in
Ryan Wheeler: We're actually located in southern.
Robin Barrow: Missouri. Oh, okay. Yeah, I see your Seattle sweatshirt.
Ryan Wheeler: Yeah, I grew up in Portland Oregon.
Robin Barrow: Oh, okay.
Ryan Wheeler: Yeah. That's that's the route to Seattle. But yeah, we actually have a shop here that makes like t shirts and sweatshirts and stuff and they sell all the extra stuff. We get it for really cheap. So
Ryan Wheeler: In Seattle, I love Seattle. I was happy about last night's game. I don't know if you watched it, but I'm into that stuff.
Robin Barrow: I'm a pats fan. So of course, we watched it. Yeah.
Ryan Wheeler: There you go. A couple of weeks. Couple of. So. But no, we're in southern Missouri. So we kind of been all over the country and things like that. So but yeah. Now, this is where we're at.
Robin Barrow: Oh, nice. Okay. Yeah. Did you guys get hit by that storm? I should know more about that.
Ryan Wheeler: Oh, we did. Yeah, yeah. I mean, we're in work today. A lot of some people aren't, but yeah, it's been pretty snowy. It's pretty cold. I think it's like 10 degrees out there right now or something. So
Robin Barrow: It just started back up again. I thought we were done. So I'm in Quincy Massachusetts and I was like, oh, we're done with the snow. We get shovel. And then we were told we're getting another 5 inches. So I was like
Ryan Wheeler: 21. So I'm glad about that part, but yeah.
Robin Barrow: No. I mean, yeah, I mean you all
Robin Barrow: I was trying to think. Could you did you guys get the snow and ice?
Ryan Wheeler: We didn't get too much. We were just we got mostly snow. We didn't get too much ice, so. That was okay. Yeah, that's good. We're good there. But yeah, you guys got hit last night, right? Pretty bad?
Robin Barrow: Yeah. It was all it was like started at noon time and then it continued on nothing. We're not used to. We just I don't know. We just haven't had a big snowstorm so many years. So everyone freaked out. Yeah, no. We had no power outages. So I'm fine with that.
Ryan Wheeler: Yeah. I tried to go to the store Friday. It was bad.
Robin Barrow: I was like we live in New England. We deal with northeastern, almost every season. We've had it like pretty easy going. And you would have thought like, the world was gonna end based on how everyone was acting.
Ryan Wheeler: Yeah. That's my
Robin Barrow: It was craziness, but and it's still snowing. This is my basement window. It's completely blocked by snow. It's all dark in here now. Um
Ryan Wheeler: At least you get to work from home, right?
Robin Barrow: Yes. Exactly. Yeah. I couldn't imagine having to shovel out to the office today. But okay. So back on track, you should see an invite for the compliance accelerator. That should come through. You could up to 3 users in that. So whoever else you want to join or help you out on that compliance side. Just reach out to me and I can add them. And then for the PreVeil platform piece, have you gone through the steps at all yet on how to install PreVeil?
Ryan Wheeler: So I did I set up an account and I got my email in there, but when I went in to do that because that's all through the web, right?
Robin Barrow: So there's the full version is an actual downloaded version so that we have a web version of around then we have the desktop version.
Ryan Wheeler: Yeah. I don't know if I got the desktop version because everything I do go it pulled my browser up.
Robin Barrow: Oh, it will still pull your browser up, but there's an actual like if you go to your quick links, if you have that on your PC, you should see the PreVeil icon. But
Robin Barrow: Let me I can also see in the back end just to see if you created a full account.
Ryan Wheeler: Yeah. But it did go when I went to add users, that didn't I didn't have that option because I was just following the video that you all have sent out or whatever.
Robin Barrow: You are a full user and you're considered an admin. So do you want to just show me if you don't mind unless it's on a different computer?
Ryan Wheeler: It is.
Ryan Wheeler: Going back and forth between because I got my PC over here. So
Robin Barrow: Yeah. I'm seeing you have the alc engineered solutions. Org and I see you're an admin. So you did the right thing.
Ryan Wheeler: That's good.
Robin Barrow: It's just a matter of
Ryan Wheeler: I mean, it might have just been that one day. I just that thing didn't pop up right away when I was but I was like, oh, maybe I need to go through the welcome call first. Okay. Just paused it. I haven't been back in since that was about a week ago. Yeah, I can jump back in there. It didn't seem to be too difficult.
Robin Barrow: Okay. Yeah, as long as you see that admin tab, it's really easy to add users. It will bring you to your user tab right away. Once you click admin and you'll see the plus sign, just add users that way.
Ryan Wheeler: Speaking with how many how many devices can I have logged into my account with permission you
Robin Barrow: There. Right now there's no limit on number of devices. You can add to an account, it's just the number of CS so emails. You can add
Ryan Wheeler: Okay. So so if I were like because this is my Mac right now that I'm on. But so if I were to put it on this, it wouldn't mess with the PC at all either, right?
Robin Barrow: No, you would just have to add it through the PC. You'd have to add your device to the PC.
Ryan Wheeler: I'd have to add the other device to the PC.
Robin Barrow: So you would see here I can show you real quick. So this is what I was saying. You should see an admin tab and you would just click right through here to add the additional users. I think it's under
Ryan Wheeler: Well, that's probably where I didn't that's probably missed was going over to the admin tab.
Robin Barrow: Yeah. Yeah. Because it automatically brings you right to mail drive, but if you go to add device under the little gear.
Ryan Wheeler: It will. So is that because right now you're on your browser, right?
Robin Barrow: Yeah. Yeah. It works out of for the most case to the browser application. But
Robin Barrow: You can have it linked to your outlook and you can also go through your file explore as well. If I want to see if I can pull this up. So you'll see
Robin Barrow: Like this is I don't my demo environment, so empty, so you can have it through here as well, if it's synced.
Ryan Wheeler: Okay.
Robin Barrow: So but the technical onboarding will explain all that.
Ryan Wheeler: As well, yeah.
Robin Barrow: So that would be your next step, is scheduling that me from my side, I will send over a next step email just to cover cover everything we chatted about today. But then also I'll send over time for us to connect in April just to make sure we're up and running. We're feeling good. It's just a placeholder meeting. I'm not going anywhere on your main point of contact here at PreVeil. So if any questions come up reach out to me.
Ryan Wheeler: April, that seems a little or
Robin Barrow: No. It shouldn't you should be like well within the system and feeling good about it by them, but it's we just say 90 days. Okay. Yeah, you can be up and running with all your users added by the end of this week if you wanted to. Okay. Um
Robin Barrow: Sooner to
Ryan Wheeler: Do I go in and schedule the technical thing?
Robin Barrow: Yeah. In the welcome email I sent over there should be a link to the calendar, but I'll send it over again to
Ryan Wheeler: Okay. I just got the compliance.
Robin Barrow: Excellent. If you could log into that before end of the day, yes. That's yeah. That's that expires after 24 hours.
Ryan Wheeler: Okay. Perfect.
Robin Barrow: And like I said, if you have any other folks you want me to add, I can do that as well.
Robin Barrow: Would you like to check in call earlier?
Ryan Wheeler: I mean, it's fine if you want to do 90 days, I was just yeah. Okay. We're trying to get this up and running fast. Just because like right now, we're bidding on some things and they're allowing for level 2 self assessment.
Robin Barrow: Yeah.
Ryan Wheeler: And you're probably aware, but so the sooner we can get to where we feel like the sooner we can answer that and get the 110 questions or 110. Yeah, it's all done. The better off, we are because it seems like everything since the beginning of January that they're releasing out there now is has cms CMO level 2 on it.
Robin Barrow: Yeah. We've seen an uptick of folks needing to be assessed or at least self assessed. Craig probably mentioned this to you and I'm gonna send over more information formation on it. Did he mention the GRC tool to you at all? Our governance or compliance tool?
Ryan Wheeler: He might have I don't recall.
Robin Barrow: Okay. All it does. It helps you keep track of your policies and procedures in place. All the documentation helps you mitigate risks. So you can create tasks for yourself, assign people to tasks. This is how will help you generate your score because it generates your score based on the policies and procedures and the your system security plan that's in place. It just uses. I'm assuming some form of AI to read all your documentation and then be like, okay, you've met now. Okay. This many controls it is. I call it more of a glorified checklist. I can give you it's 2,400 for the year and you get up to 3 users in that as well.
Ryan Wheeler: So that is does that keep all of our documentation stuff in place or is that just this something that just evaluate?
Robin Barrow: It can keep all your documentation in place. A lot of our customers use it when they're going through an assessment. The C 3 Pao will actually log into their C platform, review, all their documentation, run the reports necessary. It's not but it doesn't mean you have to have it you could store your documents in PreVeil if you want to or just on your main server, it's just an organized way of keeping them.
Ryan Wheeler: Okay. I don't think he mentioned that well, he might have but maybe we weren't interested with them or maybe I didn't understand it.
Robin Barrow: That's okay. Yeah. It's again, something to keep in mind. If you're interested in the excel, there's actually a course in the accelerator. That goes into detail about it. So I suggest reviewing that and then we'll let you know. You can make a decision based on that or when you're ready. It doesn't have to be right now.
Ryan Wheeler: Perfect.
Robin Barrow: Yeah. I'm trying to think if there's anything else. I'm missing. Oh, I'll give you the link to our partners portal. So when you're ready for A C 3 Pao, you can either go to the website or reach out to me and I'll connect you with the team as well. But for self assessment, you don't need one obviously. Right?
Ryan Wheeler: Yeah, right. That's only because I think they're all backlogged right now, right? That's kind of why that.
Robin Barrow: Yeah. We're seeing under Q2. People are booking out. Okay. Right now.
Ryan Wheeler: Do you have any idea what kind of like through your partners, what kind of cost they're asking for that?
Robin Barrow: Oh, that's like the million dollar question. It's not a million dollars, but like, I asked me that and I still don't have an
Ryan Wheeler: Feels like a million dollars. I mean it
Robin Barrow: It's expensive. I'm gonna be conservative and say like 40 grand yeah. Yeah.
Ryan Wheeler: That's what I was saying.
Robin Barrow: There are some partners out there that offer discount if you're using PreVeil. I'll definitely let you know of those ones when you're ready. But yeah, there. I don't know how big of a discount they are.
Ryan Wheeler: Yeah. Fair enough.
Robin Barrow: Yeah. Okay. Great. I'll send this over. Oh, that's this is the last thing if you I know you technically only have like 3 standard users, but if there's anyone else that needs training on just the email and drive function, just reach out to me. I can I'm gonna send over a guide, but if they need formalized training with our support team, we can schedule that too. Okay. Great. Anything else?
Ryan Wheeler: The next training that I do, we do the tentacle one. That's where I should have the other users involved, correct?
Robin Barrow: It's mainly admin focus, but again, because you have a small bunch, I don't see the harm about inviting everyone, but they just might get more information than they need because it's gonna be all the admin.
Ryan Wheeler: Yeah. Okay. It's basically the next change is just for the add the 2.
Robin Barrow: Correct. Yeah. And it's an hour long.
Ryan Wheeler: Okay.
Ryan Wheeler: That works.
Robin Barrow: All right. Sorry. I'm just making sure I'm not missing anything. Oh, one last thing. Do you have any data that today that you need to put into PreVeil?
Ryan Wheeler: Today we do not.
Robin Barrow: Okay. Okay. I know you had mentioned you're working on it, but I just want to double check if you have everything.
Ryan Wheeler: So far, everything we looked at, it's been pretty standard hardware, standard, like nuts and bolts and stuff like that. Okay. We haven't gotten into anything. Well, we haven't gotten anything this year that has to do with any of that stuff.
Robin Barrow: Okay. That's fine. Um
Robin Barrow: Okay. If you have over 100, sorry, go ahead.
Ryan Wheeler: No, no. Nothing. So
Robin Barrow: Go ahead. I was yeah. I was gonna say if you have over 100 gigabytes of data that you want to put in PreVeil at once again, this is further down the line. So if you get a us project we'll set up a final transfer for that just because a lot of data at once, you'll be sitting there for a little bit. So we'll want to set up some sort of tool for migration.
Robin Barrow: Okay. Yeah. And that's all I got. I'll send this all over in a next step email so you don't have to keep track of everything. But yeah, I look forward to working with you and we'll meet again in march.
Ryan Wheeler: Okay. Sounds great. Thanks Robin.
Robin Barrow: All right. Thanks, Ryan. Have a great day. Bye.