Account: AN Machining
Call Date: 2025-12-17
Duration: 00:25:08
Participants: Robin Barrow

======================================================================

Robin Barrow: So
Robin Barrow: You're muted if you're trying to talk. Hello.
Robin Barrow: I think you're good now. How are you?
Den Hoang: Yeah. Good. How are you?
Robin Barrow: I'm doing well, thank you.
Robin Barrow: Thanks for jumping on. It's been a bit since we chatted. Yeah. Yeah. How's everything going? I know you were looking to get into the accelerator and you had some additional questions. So yeah, I just this time is yours. So how can I help you?
Den Hoang: Yeah. I ordered PreVeil for a year already, but tell you the truth. I really don't know what I need it for. So so right now also right now I am going to we are already have the compliant, right? But we have never done the news 800
Robin Barrow: Yes. Yeah.
Den Hoang: And so first we hope we move on. So can you let me know as I because my customer read requests me to to use your software, right? And area, I don't know. What do you support for for the order what I already use from? yeah. From a year already. So on on with review what option I mean, what do you support what
Robin Barrow: Use
Robin Barrow: Yeah. I can kind of give you a rundown. So PreVeil, not only do we support it which you were man for we support this requirements as well. So cms level 2. Under your agreement that you purchased, it is you all purchased, a pass, which did auto renew. So we did reach out and ask. Um
Robin Barrow: I for your renewal back in November and we do have an auto renewal clause in the contract. So you still do have access to the platform. But so not only do you have the accelerator, which I had mentioned, you also have the email and drive capabilities. So a secure way to manage and store UI.
Robin Barrow: Excuse me. Or to our information at rest and in transit as well. You have access to this. And then this is a compliance accelerator. So I believe I added you to this over a year ago, but I can tell you how to get back in. Um
Den Hoang: Yeah. Robin can you give me one minute? I need to log into my computer and open the zoom link because I am using my phone right now. It's very hard for me to see.
Robin Barrow: Sure. Take your time.
Den Hoang: Yeah. Sorry about that. So let me try to get
Robin Barrow: So
Robin Barrow: Were you able to get in?
Den Hoang: Yeah. It's almost there. Yes. Sorry about that.
Robin Barrow: No, you're okay.
Den Hoang: So
Den Hoang: Can you can you have just sent it?
Robin Barrow: Yeah, that would be helpful. One second. Sorry.
Den Hoang: Thanks. Okay.
Den Hoang: Okay. Okay. Yeah. So right now
Den Hoang: You can share your screen, so I can take a look. Okay.
Robin Barrow: All right. Great. Are you good now?
Den Hoang: Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Okay.
Robin Barrow: Excellent. So do you need to meet C level two?
Den Hoang: No. I can need a CCMC level one and
Robin Barrow: Okay. That either way, this will will assist you in that. The all the documentation is around cms level 2. But what I can do I can send you a guide on just level one. Either way, this the accelerator is going to provide documentation that you need and bring you through the process of meeting the net requirements. That's available to you. And then also the email and drive capability, which you will need for level one. Um
Robin Barrow: Have you got the set up yet? Or have you gone into the PreVeil system yet?
Den Hoang: Yes.
Robin Barrow: Okay. That's good. You're in a good spot there. And you're still working with these contracts and
Robin Barrow: You still have a need to communicate the UI or information, correct?
Den Hoang: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Got my question again. So for the for the NES 800. So I need to
Den Hoang: Something to order from you or
Den Hoang: Is with the PreVeil account or something like that. Um
Robin Barrow: But for the next 800 this is you can log in right into the accelerator and start working on these courses. It will tell you what the NES, 801 71 is
Den Hoang: I can I can do on on my account.
Robin Barrow: So I will send you the link. So you'll go to this url here. I'll put it in the zoom chat.
Robin Barrow: And then you'll you'll most likely just put in your email and you just got to change your password.
Robin Barrow: Okay. Yeah. So that will bring you to hear. And then I just highly suggest honestly, just working your way through this content. Again, this content is geared towards level 2. So it's gonna be more than what you need, then level one, but it will be very helpful.
Den Hoang: Robin I just got a new new computer new PC. So yeah. So right now, if I want to open the there on the new computer, I need to download it, right?
Robin Barrow: You'll have to have access to your old PC.
Robin Barrow: Um
Den Hoang: Yes.
Robin Barrow: You do okay. You'll need that recovery key. I want to put in a ticket with the support team and they'll be able to assist you on having how to recover your PreVeil account.
Robin Barrow: I'll do that now.
Robin Barrow: Because PreVeil the 0 trust environment is if you got a new device, but didn't add the new device, it's not going to trust that computer.
Den Hoang: Yeah. Okay. So
Robin Barrow: So I'll what I want to do on my end right now. I want to submit a support ticket on your behalf. So then the support team will reach out and help you recover your old account and get you logged in on your new computer.
Den Hoang: Okay. Okay.
Robin Barrow: So I'll do that now.
Robin Barrow: Um
Robin Barrow: Okay. And what else did you need help with?
Den Hoang: How can I get the s
Robin Barrow: The SP back. Okay. That can be found here. I'll share my screen again.
Robin Barrow: In the accelerator.
Robin Barrow: If you go to documentation.
Den Hoang: Okay.
Robin Barrow: Right through here. Yeah.
Robin Barrow: Actually does
Den Hoang: Is it then you just send me?
Robin Barrow: It's in the chat that I sent you. That's how you get into the accelerator.
Den Hoang: Oh, okay. I need to log in into that link then.
Robin Barrow: Yes. Yeah.
Den Hoang: Okay. Let me
Den Hoang: So
Den Hoang: I need to use a PreVeil account to log in.
Robin Barrow: Nope. This is separate the accelerator separate from PreVeil. The PreVeil email and drive. So it's a separate app that you'll be using.
Den Hoang: So how can I log in
Robin Barrow: This use your regular email and you'll have to change your password.
Den Hoang: My email is
Robin Barrow: Share your screen.
Robin Barrow: Yeah.
Den Hoang: Yes.
Robin Barrow: Okay. Go ahead. You can share it.
Robin Barrow: You'll have to click share on the zoom.
Den Hoang: Okay. I just said it. Okay.
Den Hoang: Maybe where I need to sell.
Den Hoang: Let's try here.
Robin Barrow: Perfect. So your email right there under the username or email?
Den Hoang: Do you know what email I use for? Uh
Robin Barrow: I'll put it in the the chat.
Robin Barrow: It's 10 at an machine.com.
Den Hoang: Okay.
Robin Barrow: Okay. So now hit login.
Den Hoang: I have yeah, I too many emails. So
Robin Barrow: Oh, that's okay.
Robin Barrow: Okay. And then go click forgot password.
Robin Barrow: No, it's just an machine.com, not at gmail.com.
Den Hoang: A machine at gmail.com.
Robin Barrow: No. It's Dan at a machine.com.
Den Hoang: My bet bet. No, you're good.
Robin Barrow: Yes.
Robin Barrow: And hit forgot pass on.
Robin Barrow: And now you'll create you'll reset your password. So your username is
Robin Barrow: It's your email. So Don at a machine.com
Den Hoang: Okay. This is not to reset the PreVeil. So
Robin Barrow: This is just for the accelerator?
Den Hoang: Okay. Got it.
Robin Barrow: Yeah.
Robin Barrow: All right. Yeah. And hit send.
Robin Barrow: Nope. That's not your username.
Den Hoang: So to say
Robin Barrow: Your username is Dan at an machine.com, right?
Robin Barrow: Or actually, your username is just Ben, sorry.
Den Hoang: Then just done. Yeah.
Robin Barrow: Okay. Great. Now you should receive an email to get back into the accelerator.
Robin Barrow: It might take a bit honestly. Sometimes it takes oh, there we go. Okay. And then hit yeah. Reset my password.
Robin Barrow: So
Robin Barrow: Okay. Great. Now hit log in again.
Robin Barrow: Perfect. And just hit accept.
Robin Barrow: And there you are you're in so if you go to step 6.
Robin Barrow: Just to show you where the CSP lives.
Den Hoang: So to click on that.
Robin Barrow: Yep.
Robin Barrow: And scroll down.
Robin Barrow: Keep going all the way to word it says files keep going.
Robin Barrow: Right there that first one right there?
Robin Barrow: First file, yeah.
Robin Barrow: So if you open that up, do you have excel on your computer?
Den Hoang: Yes. Okay. Great.
Robin Barrow: Are you gonna DoubleClick?
Robin Barrow: Did open up for you.
Den Hoang: Uh
Den Hoang: Where did uh
Den Hoang: Is it excel file, right?
Robin Barrow: It is a word file. Oh.
Den Hoang: Yeah. Maybe it's right here.
Den Hoang: Yeah, let me open it. Okay.
Den Hoang: Okay.
Den Hoang: Yeah, I opened it. Uh
Robin Barrow: Okay. Great. So you can see it. I can't see it on my end.
Den Hoang: You can see it.
Robin Barrow: I can't see it now.
Den Hoang: I need to set it.
Robin Barrow: No. I think you're just sharing the wrong screen, but either way, that's where you find the SP is first document link there.
Robin Barrow: There you go. So it says any SP. That's our SP template. It's a template. So you'll have to make changes yourself.
Den Hoang: Okay. Okay. What uh
Den Hoang: So the SP
Robin Barrow: Nope. The first document right there. That's the SP this one.
Robin Barrow: Scroll scroll back up.
Robin Barrow: Right there. The first one that says any SSP
Robin Barrow: So here, you have to hit enable editing to open it up up at the top.
Den Hoang: So okay. I need to open it.
Robin Barrow: Well, that if you're looking for the SP that's where it is right there. That's the template.
Robin Barrow: But you have to hit enable editing so you can open up the documents.
Robin Barrow: It's a pretty big documents in my take it below.
Den Hoang: So to DoubleClick on on it, right? Yeah.
Robin Barrow: Okay. Okay.
Robin Barrow: But like I said, it's a pretty big document, so it might take a bit
Robin Barrow: You and you have to click on enable editing to be able to click on it up at the top. Yeah.
Den Hoang: Yeah. Okay. Yeah.
Robin Barrow: Okay. That's the SP. Um
Robin Barrow: Is there any other questions or anything else I can help you out with?
Den Hoang: Okay. Driven. So that's I mean, I can use this template or this is for for the next 800. Right, correct? Yeah.
Robin Barrow: The documents are for team level 2 for the nest 801 71 requirement.
Den Hoang: Okay. If I got an audit from government or something like that. So this is the SPI can sort them, right?
Robin Barrow: Well, you'll still have to customize it to your environment, right? Because it obviously, your security infrastructure is not gonna be the same as amis, but it's a good template.
Den Hoang: Okay. I need to to audit it. I need to edit this template to face with my sub my current situation or my requirement, right?
Robin Barrow: Correct. And honestly and I would say go through the accelerator because it's going to give you a good rundown of what the C level 2 is and what you need to do.
Den Hoang: So okay. Uh, the same for Sam. Sam C level 2. So that's same M C level 2 is better more requirement, then level one, right?
Robin Barrow: Correct. Yeah.
Den Hoang: But it is level and it doesn't matter. So I just go with Sam, Sam, C level 2.
Robin Barrow: Do you have it depends on the contract clauses you have do you have 70 twelve?
Den Hoang: Yes. No, I see the 4. I should have uh
Den Hoang: A compliant only. Okay.
Robin Barrow: Then you might just need level one. What I can do, I'll send a follow up e mail to list out the requirements for level one, but either way, you can still use the SP as a because you're gonna need that regardless.
Robin Barrow: So this might be more information than what you need right now.
Den Hoang: Okay. Um
Den Hoang: Okay. Okay. In German sell? Okay. The link?
Den Hoang: Okay. So
Robin Barrow: And I'm going to I'm sending in a ticket right now for you to get back into PreVeil. So the team is going to reach out to you to get your get PreVeil installed on your new device.
Den Hoang: Yes. Okay. Robin so. What is the link or the the link I need? I can log into I mean so just to you the link you sent me on the tab tab to log in into a seat, right?
Robin Barrow: Yes. Yeah, that's just for the accelerator.
Den Hoang: So I have to use the link, right? Yes.
Robin Barrow: It's pal dot talent lms.com.
Den Hoang: Okay. A lot of information India. So I need to learn to take a look or to to to the users, right?
Robin Barrow: Yes. Yeah, that will help you for level 1 and 2.
Den Hoang: Okay. Okay. Okay.
Robin Barrow: I'll resend in the top so you have it.
Robin Barrow: Great. Okay. And I'm gonna send this email out now.
Robin Barrow: Okay. You'll see an invite for
Robin Barrow: Or you'll receive a ticket and the team will reach out to you.
Robin Barrow: Um
Robin Barrow: And to help you get back into your PreVeil account.
Den Hoang: Okay. Okay. Okay. All right. Thank you so much in.
Robin Barrow: Of course, anything else I can help you out with?
Den Hoang: Oh, okay. Well Greg when is the due date to pay for a PreVeil of
Den Hoang: To pay for prevent.
Robin Barrow: Sure. It is due at the end of this month technically at the end of January.
Den Hoang: Did you know or have I set up auto pay or I have to go to pay for it?
Robin Barrow: They probably sent you a bill for your bill.com, but I can double check. I'll double check with the team to see if it went for.
Den Hoang: Oh, okay. Okay. All right. Okay. And let me take a look on my side also.
Robin Barrow: Okay. Of course then you have a great day. Thank you so much for jumping on.
Den Hoang: All right. Thanks. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye.