Account: Anoplate
Call Date: 2026-01-22
Duration: 00:33:13
Participants: Darrin Crane, Kenneth Morse, Robin Barrow

======================================================================

Robin Barrow: So
Robin Barrow: Hello.
Robin Barrow: Good morning. I good think morning. We have a Darrin, John. CMOS and Lindsey, does that sound like everybody?
kmorse: Yes. We did for this to Jim, correct?
kmorse: Yes, we might have one work if we can give it just one minute if you don't mind Robin.
Robin Barrow: Of course. No worries. We're only 2 minutes in so we're good.
kmorse: Thank you.
Robin Barrow: And honestly, this call should be fairly quick. It's just an intro call to me. I want to go over what you all signed up for and then talk about next steps to get started with PreVeil.
Robin Barrow: But we can give it a few for Jim.
kmorse: I appreciate that. And that sounds like the perfect agenda. We appreciate your support on this.
Robin Barrow: Yeah, of course.
kmorse: Maybe while we're waiting for Jim, we could just at least introduce ourselves for Robin. So she knows who we are. And then Jim doesn't make it I can at least acknowledge who he is and then as we move forward, does that sound fair, everyone? Just so you get a lay of the people here software?
Darrin Crane: Yeah. Yeah. In the network admin. Been here at Anoplate for a little bit too long.
kmorse: Not long enough.
Darrin Crane: Not long enough. We're a small team here. And this is
Darrin Crane: You're looking at all everybody here is pretty much involved with this implementation and helping it move forward and hopefully get compliant with CMC 2 point o
Robin Barrow: Excellent. Nice to meet you.
Robin Barrow: I want to pick on John because he's next to my list.
John Appel: That works for me. My name is John, I've been working with Anoplate for a little bit over 5 years now. I've been in the it department now for leave about 6 months going on at at least I'm the IT technician here. I've worked with PreVeil a little bit from the sales side, which is where I came from before. And I'll be working a little bit more with it as we roll it out to our company at large.
Robin Barrow: Excellent. Thank you.
John Appel: Hi. I'm Lindsey oconnor. I'm the IT analyst for Anoplate. I've been with Anoplate 3 years. I have a lot of experience. So I'm familiar with, mm.
Robin Barrow: But
kmorse: 10 more in the VP of finance and it here at Anoplate. I am not technically sound in it. I'm very dependent on this team. I tried to be their voice at the leadership level here at Anoplate, but definitely depend on them for the technical to know how the other and helping with this project. But just working on this team trying to help by the administrator side, those 2 things of that nature. But they're the real experts. I'm here to support and as we go through, trying to make sure that we're getting the compliance here. Going in. So with that being said, I'm comfortable if we want to start the person who's missing is Jim, Stevenson. President and owner of the company he has very much has a very high competence level in this team. But does make himself available for support as we need. So he's been supporting this initiative by participating in our meetings twice a week. And we've been trying to come through this path and over the last year, we've done a lot of internal vetting to make sure that PreVeil was the right solution for us. He's greatly in support of that. And some of the things he I think he brings a lot to the table is one is understanding as we bring this on cave in, but then ultimately, what other supports what we need internally from our other groups, whether it's our compliance group or things of that nature to make sure that we're covered. So for your awareness. And just to give you a heads up as he does join more cart feature calls and maybe have more depth. That might be some of the ranges that come from there.
Robin Barrow: Sure. No, that all makes sense to me and it's really nice to meet you all. Look forward to working with you. Yeah. And I am your customer success manager, like I mentioned. I am your main point of contact here at PreVeil, moving forward. So not only do you have support of the compliance team, but you also have support of our technical support team. And I always say if you don't know where to go come to me and I'll point you in the right direction. So my goal is to really hold your hand throughout this whole onboarding process, make sure you all get set up and running. And just to confirm what you signed up for. I see you have 20 users, 3 of those being admin, you purchase the same connector and then also the GRC and compliance accelerator bundle. Does that all sound accurate?
Darrin Crane: So you mean
kmorse: As you're speaking, just pulling up my PO that I have me one second. Trying to do that in the interim. You're just take that. Yeah. I have it in here. So our uh
kmorse: Make sure we're interested in that because we did have a few conversations. Yeah, 20 20 20 users. Our expectation is on that is that we're gonna ultimately ramp to 50. We think is where our company is gonna reside starting with 23 admin. You have the same connector. The
kmorse: The dot compliance CRC bundle, I believe you mentioned, yeah. Yeah. Those are the pieces. We have the PO
Robin Barrow: Excellent okay great and you gave me a little bit of background of why you all need PreVeil assuming you're working towards C level 2 and you've been working towards C level 2 for a bit now I guess if you don't mind shedding some light where do you all stand in that whole process are you have you implemented like PreVeil the last piece or are you starting out need to do the documentation and gear up for an assessment
Robin Barrow: Uh
kmorse: Jump in. No, that's fair. I think we're earlier on in the stages. We had gone through and prior efforts. And the thought was maybe to build up some of the controls, the SP. Doing some of the sports we've had. And as we've gone back and reassess that the thought was that we thought PreVeil might be a better tool for us and try to make that our major enclave for what we have. So as we move forward into this I think our expectation is that we are going to implement PreVeil. Try our best to implement PreVeil while staying to vanilla PreVeil and make that purely our live and really reduce the need for the other controls in our environment. Looking for your support in the C compliance bundle to make sure we're thinking of that correctly. But the thought being if we can get our PreVeil once set up and we communicate with our customers and our vendors through that site and we don't allow printing, we don't all these other things. We will be able to use a lot of the canned documentation. That comes from PreVeil and a lot of the controls being met there. Since your point the other pieces, which are like, network controls, the other things, a lot of those are up and running. So let not 100% complete there. We are working through some multi factor authentication, but from the standpoint of like the other components which Darrin and Lindsay can go much further into
kmorse: I think this is really our expectation is to try to stay and what we've been trying to preach it to the organization as much. We can stay with what we call vanilla or out of the Box PreVeil and make our process go through that. The more we can depend on the canned reports and use those for our procedures there and say that probably better.
Darrin Crane: Not from the technical side. We do have manage detection and response. We're ingesting a lot of logs into their already. We have a lot of the security controls in place from from that aspect. I think we're in pretty good shape as far as that goes, but we do have to take a deep dive into each and every control which we haven't really done thoroughly in the past to to find out what gaps we might have and that's where we're looking at the C control module to help us keep. Keep us honest.
Robin Barrow: That is the correct turn of thought. So yeah, that makes sense to me. Did Zach share the accelerator and what it looks like and where to find things at all? It's okay. If he didn't he's actually still under if he didn't. No.
Darrin Crane: We didn't really take a deep dive, you know? Okay. He highlighted a lot of good things. But I don't we never never really dug into it.
Robin Barrow: Okay. You all can see my screen correct? Correct. Yes. The compliance accelerator. It's based out of a learning management system. So the way we take it, we call it our 10 step guides getting compliant. As you can see, there's more than 10 steps here. Really. It's meant to take you, green. What is cms? Why is important all the way through? How do I score one ten? you all are well versed. From what I can tell in CMC so you don't need to know why cms is important. Majority of our customers have that clause in their contract and therefore need to meet the requirements and have to get to CMC level 2. If I were you all, obviously all this content is great. So if you wanna freshen up your knowledge, go through all the courses, but the bulk of the content is gonna be in step 6. Where this is where documentation is found. Again, each course will be set up. It will have a video telling you what's included in the course and kind of walk you through the whole. Process, for instance, I will tell you what's the most important piece of documentation, your system security plan. Most of your documents are gonna be based off that. But as Zach probably mentioned, we have our Acme docs package and Amy is our fake company that we brought through a full on C level 2 process. All these documents have been approved by C 3 PO. I will tell you these documents are crazy, detailed. For instance, our SP is 185 pages.
Robin Barrow: I do not expect every company to have an SP that's 185 pages. But that's that was written out with the intention of not missing anything and being very detailed. So let me just my words. So slow. So give me a second while I open it up.
Robin Barrow: And did I don't know if Zach showed you this, but I'll go through it again. So the Acme docs package, it's just that it's a large documentation package linked with each document. You will need for level 2 I don't love using the words templates because they are fully completed. They are more of a great example of what a 1 10 company looks like. You can obviously take these documents fill in your information you own them. They are yours now. Once my word wants to get up and running.
Robin Barrow: Let's try this.
Robin Barrow: It's because I don't ever sign it to one drive or any Microsoft products. So give me a second. I apologize. But
Robin Barrow: Come on word as I go through it. I'll go back to that documentation, but that's like I said, this is step. 6 is gonna be where you're gonna spend most of your time. Again, pull out these documentation, save them down, customize them a lot. It sounds like you all already have your endpoints stood up. This is more of a helpful guide. If you need a refresher of okay, I'm standing up my endpoints. What controls do these meet? What is necessary? who are you all using for a team solution, Sims?
Darrin Crane: Articles.
Robin Barrow: Okay. Yeah. We've worked with them before. The connector should be fairly simple to set up for that, but like I said, this is the endpoint configuration. These are the remaining controls. So we say we share 102 of the controls with you. We're providing the documentation for one ten, but these remaining 8 to meet the full 1 10 is this is where it falls into place, your endpoints?
Robin Barrow: So again, I want to make sure.
kmorse: I understood that correctly what you said Robin. So if we are able to maintain that all our
kmorse: Documentation stays in PreVeil and it doesn't have anywhere else in our system. These are the we need to focus on that. We'll have 1 10 coverage. It's as we sorry, go ahead.
Robin Barrow: Oh, no, go ahead. Do you I interrupted you go ahead. Sorry.
kmorse: No problem. I'm just trying to sure I understand it correctly. So if we're able to not have any processes where we have to take PreVeil out of the system, we would not have to modify the other and 2 we would have to we'd be able to use those as can saying we're using PreVeil stand up. These are the 8 we need to focus on and complete to be able to have the 110 controls met.
Robin Barrow: There's still so we say we share 102. So yeah. Obviously by implementing PreVeil and walking away, I would say you meet roughly 40 controls. So save he did nothing and just implemented PreVeil. The sharing part is making sure your staff is trained up on how to manage and store the UI having the documentation around it. We can't complete that part for you and I will share the shared responsibility matrix it breaks out, which controls we own as PreVeil which controls you all own and then also what we share together. I can definitely send that on over, but that's correct in the sense if you complete those shared controls.
Robin Barrow: And you just focus on your endpoints, you should be in a good spot for one time.
kmorse: Yeah. Thanks for that clarification. I appreciate that. We simplified that. The pieces where you can't guarantee that we've put this policy into our documentation center. You can't I thank you, good. I appreciate you understanding what I was trying to say.
Robin Barrow: Cleaning. Yeah, no. It's again, our a lot of our documentation will say 102. But again, it's all shared. Yeah. And like I said, I will say for the same what I've experienced the cms level 2 documentation, it's really repetitive. It's saying a lot of the same things over and over again. I always say once you get your system security plan in place, which is the biggest headache you're in a good spot for the other policies that need to be put in place again. It's a lot of repetition. Okay. So
Robin Barrow: That's the endpoint configuration. And now that this has finally loaded. This is the Acme docs package. As you can see, you see the system security plans linked here. Um
Robin Barrow: This is the Acme company overview documents. So you can learn what kind of company is this document based on the size and the scope. It's around a midsized company. And then um
Robin Barrow: Here's all the corresponding documentation. And again, you can download these configure them change the name. That's what they're intended for.
Robin Barrow: And let me just see if I can maybe here until tomorrow with this SP.
Robin Barrow: Based on how fast my computer is going. Oh, that was pretty good. Okay. This is a system security plan. Like I said, this is the biggest document. It's 185 pages. As you can see here, even the version history is fully filled out. That's why I don't call them templates strictly because we had to take these documents and show them to A C through a as if it was a full on real assessment.
Robin Barrow: And if you scroll down through here
Robin Barrow: I can find it quickly here. We are. This is where you'll find the UI flow. This is gonna remain the same if you're using PreVeil. And then additionally, you'll see this the network diagram. This is gonna be exactly the same, but at least the UI on cave should remain the same, doing the full on on live approach.
kmorse: You referring to if we're able to as an organization, make sure that all of our um
kmorse: Sensitive information stays in PreVeil that are on close there and there's no other external pieces. We'd be able to use a lot of this as canned. But if we start coming with exceptions where we have a print ability or a survey that saving you locally, right? That would obviously need to grow and we'd have to add these into the chart. Is that what you're referring to?
Robin Barrow: Yes. Yeah. So unless you remain just that, if you're if things fall outside for instance, if you're using a CAD system or ERP, there's going to be an instance where some files are gonna stay locally. So it's a matter of updating some sort of policy procedure in place or getting those CAD files somehow linked into PreVeil. Again, the support team is very familiar with all this and they'll be able to assist with it. But that's a scenario where yeah, this network diagram would most likely change a bit.
Robin Barrow: Um
Robin Barrow: But yeah, like I said, that's the documentation and probably the most visited course within the compliance accelerator. Another nice piece you get with the compliance accelerate and the bundle you get access to our compliance team. So you get up to 6 30 minute sessions with them. You can book time with them right through here. This is under additional compliance resource. This is where you'll find their calendar. You can also email them. So if you have any one off questions that don't require a long answer, those are unlimited, shoot them an email. I always mentioned to do that. But if you feel more comfortable, some of our customers do this. We don't provide like a kickoff meeting with the compliance team. But if you feel more comfortable stating like, here's where we stand today, this is what we have in place. Where do you recommend we start to focus on? That's always a good start first meeting with them, but again, completely up to you if he feels with them.
John Appel: With that meeting take away from the 6 30 minute session.
Robin Barrow: It would yes.
John Appel: And what happens when you max out on sessions? So we get
Robin Barrow: I'm gonna be honest with you. We put these in place because we have customers that we're trying to meet every single day. When
kmorse: I was on mute. I'm sorry.
Robin Barrow: No, you're good. And we had put some sort of parameter in place. If you have an emergency situation, if you have an assessment coming up, we're gonna want to meet with you. So if you get to that 6 just come talk to me, we can probably work something out.
John Appel: Okay. Thanks. Of course.
Robin Barrow: Same thing goes with the emails. If you're emailing them every single day, they're gonna be like, all right, let's get on a call. They're gonna want to chat. But yes, that's the compliance help. We have a great team. I'm sure Zach has mentioned all our accolades. We've now have I think like 52 customers that have scored 1 10 with PreVeil. Yeah, they've been through this process, they know what to expect. So I highly recommend meeting with them. They know a lot more than me. That's for sure.
Robin Barrow: Great. Unfortunately, I do not have a demo environment for the GRC but the GRC if you've seen one, you pretty much see them all. Ours is or is it's going to spit out your score. It's gonna have a way to track all the controls that you have in place. I can add up to 3 users in both the accelerator in the C. So you let me know who those 3 individuals are going to be. I can do that by the end of day today. But yeah. I guess what questions do you all have on the compliance side of PreVeil?
Robin Barrow: If any
kmorse: Go first, I guess I was just gonna I don't know if I have any questions yet. I think part of what we're hoping to do is have this kickoff meeting kind of map out what we need to do for
kmorse: Or essentially trying to make sure we talked to the right person, which is kind. Our approach was gonna be I was gonna be like a crawl, walk run approach where we are hoping to um
kmorse: Set it up our this it team and just really kind of go through and see that it is how we anticipated how we wanted to set it up, how we want to get the drive and as we have a week or a couple of weeks to digest your point section 6 look at the documentation, understand these components. I think we would want to know if it
kmorse: As a partner just kind of like at a macro level.
kmorse: To be very clear to as we ask these questions. It's not the hang PreVeil up for owning it. We own it. We appreciate that. We're looking for leveraging best practices and like for some kind of, hey, that might sound like a good idea, but it's not a good idea. You should go this way 50 of the 50 people who've been successful done it this way or we're looking for kind of a sounding board. I guess we only know what we think we know and we are hoping to get a trusted partner in PreVeil where you could balance us out as we're going through and we're trying to make some decisions. You could say then maybe you could do that, but you probably don't want to or these type of thing. So on this early stages, these team, correct? Where I'm wrong, the thought was this kickoff meeting kind of start trying to understand to your point how we set up these couple of people, Darrin Lindsey, John, right off the bat, then we'll ultimately probably try to go into a next batch of another probably the next 10 or bounce to the 20 for the people and then do some prelim testing, make sure that doesn't break our system, how we've kind of tried to map it and then ultimately go back to our ending adding the additional people. That's how we plan on doing from the operational side from the documentation procedural procedural and the modification of the documentation to tailored to what we're doing.
kmorse: We're looking to pull in our training group here, it was pretty pretty solid and to help us on the admin side of that because they're very good technical and to then ultimately know we're signing up for the trainings and work that through the organization, particularly for the people who will have access to the accounts. And then probably some more generic training CRM or UI to the employees who want until they know where the stops are. Is that a fair summary Darrin?
Darrin Crane: Yeah. From my perspective I just want to get hands on and just go through the platform and just become familiar with it sucked on all the resources and see what we got to deal with where kind of come up in my own mind, a good starting point at the system security plan that's available and see what's in front of us.
Robin Barrow: Yeah. No, that all makes sense to me. I would say so I know I've been tapping a lot and we only have 5 minutes. So the
Robin Barrow: For the actual technical, the PreVeil platform, email and drive capabilities. You all get an hour long training with our support team. They're gonna go through specifically the admin folks piece of the platform. So they're gonna go over all the admin controls prior to that meeting. We just need someone to download PreVeil on at least one device. If you haven't done. So already and create the org that shouldn't take you longer than 20 minutes. I'll send over the instructions on how to do so. But the reason why we have you do that beforehand is so when you're training out of your org, you're able to click along following. And then they'll go over best practices on that call as far as the PreVeil platform. How to use a drive, how it's the best way to set up drive. They'll go over that in that training. We typically set up the same connector after you've gone through the training. So you're feeling good in the platform. And then they'll they'll set up the same connector, connect your article and you'll work directly with either Phil or Chris. Vinita. They both been with PreVeil for a long time. Phil heads up our support team and Chris has been with PreVeil. I always I feel like I've been saying 7 years for like, 3 years now. So let's say like 10 spend with a really long time. He's from the northeast like us all. He talks extremely fast.
Robin Barrow: So if you get them for the onboarding, tell them to slow down, he's used to it, but again, he knows the platform inside and out and he's a really good resource. The other piece. So you all have 20 users with the potential to add more. We want to make sure you roll out to the team in a strategic way and they feel good. So you're not just throwing the platform and saying have fun inviting them and they don't know why. We have standard user guides I can send over. I have helpful videos. And I can also send over a canned email that I use for your staff saying, hey, this is PreVeil, we're using it for UI purposes. You may see an invite. I can send that over as well, but you also can set up a standard user training. So that's a quick meeting, 30 minutes and they'll go over email and drive. The platform is very easy to use. But I always say if it's available to you, why not use it? So
Robin Barrow: And again, I'll send this all in a recap email. But if you immediate next steps set up, PreVeil schedule that training with the technical onboarding when you're available. And then you just all let me know who you want me to add to the accelerator in the GRC
Robin Barrow: Typically, we schedule a check in for 90 days. I'm happy to do it earlier, just so we stay on pace. So it's up to you all. I can schedule another meeting out for march or April. Again, feel free to bug me before then. It's just more of a placeholder meeting to make sure we stay on track.
Robin Barrow: That's oh. One other question to to think about how much data do you need to put into PreVeil at once.
Robin Barrow: If you don't have to give me the answer now, but it's just something to keep in mind because we might want to do some sort of migration project if it's a decent chunk.
Darrin Crane: What do you define decent, chunk, ten, gig or 5 gig or
Robin Barrow: One gig over 100 yeah. Yeah.
Darrin Crane: We it I'll give you a number in an email or something. It's okay.
Darrin Crane: I'll have to do the math.
Robin Barrow: Okay. No worries. Again, it doesn't have to be all at once, but if you're if as you can imagine, you dump 100 gigs into platform, we'll set up a migration tool. We'll want to do it when you all aren't using the computer just because it might take a little bit.
Robin Barrow: Great.
kmorse: Clarity on that, right? I think part of our thought was to get up and running and try to work it with the new stuff that's coming in and get a feel for that procedure. And then the data migration. I don't know if that's kind of in line with what you're thinking. Is that being a down the road thing? But that was kind of our initial thought before we got a chance to go in and take touch feel. Was let's get in. Let's be sure. We understand. Let's make sure we get our procedures. Get the forward looking flowing going. And then for anything we have legacy then set up a transfer.
Robin Barrow: Yeah. That sounds like a great plan. Yeah. That is more of the crawl. Walk run approach.
Robin Barrow: Great. Anything else I can help out with between now and you all downloading PreVeil and getting up and running?
Darrin Crane: I don't have anything. If you want to send what you're gonna what you promised, I will probably take on the action of setting up the account and PreVeil if that's all right? Well, you can
kmorse: Yeah. I think that's the next step that we were being told to. I think we worked with Zach we. I guess I was just gonna clarify. We got the bill. I wasn't sure when the time you started on the bill, but if we're starting to download now, I'm gonna put the billing for processing. I wasn't sure where that said, we said it's a contract with Zack and until we have this phone call, I wasn't comfortable saying yeah, released a bill. I just wasn't.
Robin Barrow: Positive, yeah.
kmorse: So that being said, I think Darren from what we're hearing from our kickoff is yeah, start doing the download, start doing the setup. We're gonna start setting up. So I guess just to make sure we just re get that Darrin. Can you confirm you got your next 3 or 4 steps before we need to reach out to PreVeil?
Darrin Crane: Yeah. I just I'm gonna take the action to set up the account in PreVeil. I think we should give Robin the named users as far as our admins, which is gonna be John myself and Lindsey. I believe that in both platforms. I think that's a good starting point from from my end. And then I think once we get all the material, then we'll start having more questions.
Robin Barrow: That works for me. And for the PreVeil platform Darrin. You'll if you're gonna take ownership of the one of the admins, again, just download PreVeil and then you can invite the other admins out for the accelerator. I man in the CI manage the admin. So I'll be adding you, but for the PreVeil platform again because PreVeil a 0 trust environment. It's encryption. He's installed on your device. We don't have any access other than maybe see who's in the back end. That's it. Okay. Okay. Great. So I will like I said, I'll send over an email, just recapping everything and adding the additional resources I talked about. You will see a separate invite for both the accelerator and the GRC they are not married platforms yet. So you'll have 2 invites for those. One will come from talent LMS slash PreVeil. And then you'll have one that will say is a PreVeil. So just keeping those will come directly to your inbox.
kmorse: Today, John Lindsay and Darrin not to me, correct. Correct, yeah.
Robin Barrow: Of course. And I will I'm gonna schedule a check in for march, just as a placeholder can be same time and then we'll obviously chat for them.
John Appel: Thank you, Robin.
Robin Barrow: No. Thank you. All. Have fun this weekend. I'm assuming you all are preparing for the snow. Are you guys are in New York, right?
kmorse: New York, upstate New York to
Robin Barrow: Yeah. We're I'm in queens, Massachusetts. I'm making my husband take out the generator right now.
Robin Barrow: I'm one of those even though I've lived in New England, my whole life, but yeah, here we are.
John Appel: Sorry.
kmorse: Towards quincey.
Robin Barrow: Quincey is just a little bit south of Boston.
Robin Barrow: Yeah. But I grew up further south, but we just got you probably the only time you ever hear situated is when nor asters it. And I think that's like, instilled fear in my brain is that like, we're gonna lose power for several weeks and it's gonna be terrible so it's not gonna happen. It's gonna we're gonna be fine.
kmorse: We're gonna be fine. I agree. My niece is in North Carolina. She said all the all this stuff is flying up the shelves and all the grocery stores because they're getting some winter weather. So she's from upstate New York, Eric. So she's not worried about it.
Robin Barrow: Oh.
kmorse: Mexico New York, which is about 40 minutes North of us and they get a lot more snow than the series area does and she's not worried at all.
Robin Barrow: Yeah. No, we have a couple of coworkers in North Carolina and they're like, yeah, it's may ham and then we have a coworker who's in Minnesota and it's been snowing since November. So he's like yeah, we're drowning. It's fine. It's all good. Excellent. Well, thank you all. I'll send this email shortly and it was really nice to meet you. And I'm looking forward to working with you all.
John Appel: Thank you. Alright take
Robin Barrow: Care. Thank you. Bye. Bye.