Account: ARCS Aviation
Call Date: 2025-12-18
Duration: 00:19:32
Participants: Andrew Meggs, Sydney Dunaway, Barjes Alotaibi, Brian Bleck

======================================================================

Andrew Meggs: So
barjes @ arcsaviation . com: Hi Andrew. How are you doing?
Andrew Meggs: Hello. I'm doing well. How are you?
barjes @ arcsaviation . com: Good. Good, good. Long time, no. See
Andrew Meggs: Hello. I there know. I hello Sydney.
barjes @ arcsaviation . com: Is it almost a year?
Andrew Meggs: Thank you. It's been a minute and a half for sure.
barjes @ arcsaviation . com: Yeah. There's the girl who contacted us last my few weeks ago. What's her name?
Andrew Meggs: Christina.
barjes @ arcsaviation . com: I think Christina. Yeah. Yeah.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. So just I mean, just here where she's helping us, I mean, I'm still the customer success manager. Just helping us send out, like notification is why you're hearing from her, but I am still the person to talk to. Um
Sydney Dunaway: How was your trip? Didn't you just get back?
Sydney Dunaway: Me Andrew I think that's why we had to push the meeting out, right? Because you were out
Andrew Meggs: I don't know if that was me.
Andrew Meggs: I haven't had I haven't taken a trip and
Andrew Meggs: Oh, no. No, I know Chuck. We yeah, we had our big company meeting last week. Yeah.
Andrew Meggs: I'm not great. No. Well, at least not about this. No. No, no. They I live in Minnesota, but they flew everyone then to to Boston for a big company meeting. So it was like a week long. Okay. Meeting and everything. So that's why I wasn't able to meet last week. Okay. Yes. I honestly like it's been so busy that I forgot that was last week. I thought that was like a month ago. It's just the time has been been very long with the holidays and everything. But but yeah, so anyway, I appreciate all taking the time. The you know, obviously the renewal for Arcs Aviation is coming up here shortly. I can either discuss what you all have or is there anything in particular you'd like to go over today?
barjes @ arcsaviation . com: You want to go I think Sydney or you want we start
Sydney Dunaway: You can start Barjes.
barjes @ arcsaviation . com: Yeah. Uh
barjes @ arcsaviation . com: The pricing I know. It's total for, is it? for 4
barjes @ arcsaviation . com: 3 years. It for the 4 of us. Sydney I forgot we're discussing and I was dividing it and compared to GCC High ID GI is 1,000 almost ident. But when I google it because so much lower, but I think sitting under and now there's something because we got to get it. So and so so works, I think I think our license
Sydney Dunaway: I guess first I can ask how many because I know we're kind of in like a bundle sort of situation. So how many users does our
Andrew Meggs: Like yeah. So so what you'll have is the PreVeil pass, which is a marketing came up with that. But anyway that's 3 users as well as our compliance accelerator. So that is the compliance documentation templates and the video doc series on compliance. And that's roughly $5,000 if you wanted to renew with just that. But obviously if you mean, we can make any changes that if you want to renew with just one license or 2 licenses or no accelerator or what have you can certainly do that too. But yeah. So but right now it's the 3 total licenses plus the accelerator at a discount because it's bundled.
barjes @ arcsaviation . com: And it's 3 license.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. 3 total licenses, including one admin, but yeah.
barjes @ arcsaviation . com: Okay. So
Sydney Dunaway: How much is the accelerator?
Andrew Meggs: So just standalone that's $3,600.
Sydney Dunaway: How much would it I guess how much is it adding to our cost? Because I mean, we technically wouldn't need the accelerator if we were to like, get our all of our documents and stuff that we need completing it completed, which we have been doing.
Andrew Meggs: Sure. So if you wanted to renew just with the 3 licenses that would be about $1,500 total.
Andrew Meggs: Okay. 1,536
barjes @ arcsaviation . com: For 3 license.
Andrew Meggs: For just the 3 licenses, yeah.
Sydney Dunaway: I see. So the accelerator is like the big chunk?
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. Gotcha. And I think because it's bundled you get like 10 15% off or something like that. I forget I don't know the exact amount, but it is a discount because it's bundled.
barjes @ arcsaviation . com: Why don't they kicked off? I don't know which one
Sydney Dunaway: It was the accelerator because we gave it to Michael because we can only have 3 people and he's the one doing the the documents.
barjes @ arcsaviation . com: Okay. Okay. So so the 3 people can see that accelerate, right?
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. But the documents are all download, able the documents are all download able. So nominally you could just download everything and share it if you wanted to see. Okay.
Sydney Dunaway: When do when does our plan renew?
Andrew Meggs: I believe that's 2 1 26. If I'm not mistaken. Yes. Okay.
Andrew Meggs: Okay.
Andrew Meggs: So
Andrew Meggs: 27. So I would be the end date. So yeah, January 31st 20 27 would be the end date of your
barjes @ arcsaviation . com: We only have 3 license or for
Andrew Meggs: Right now, 3 as part of the PreVeil pass.
Sydney Dunaway: What we paid last year, is does that is that 2 years?
Sydney Dunaway: 2 years.
Andrew Meggs: No. That's just for the one year.
Andrew Meggs: Okay. It'd be the same price as what you paid originally.
Sydney Dunaway: Okay. But if we wanted to take off the accelerator early 20 20 six, we could, yeah.
Andrew Meggs: Not everyone.
barjes @ arcsaviation . com: Already paid for it. If you gonna pay in advance, right? Or separate separate.
Sydney Dunaway: Paid for one year. I didn't know because you had just said 20 27 so that made it sound like a 2 year?
Andrew Meggs: Sorry, sorry, 20 27 would be the end date of your next subscription. Okay. Date, your current end date of your subscription is 1 31 20 26.
Sydney Dunaway: Okay. That makes sense.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Andrew Meggs: But yeah. I mean, if you feel I mean, I guess to that point out of curiosity with the compliance accelerator content have you managed to fill most of that out? Or where are you all at in terms of your compliance?
Sydney Dunaway: Yeah. We have we hired someone. I think probably since the last time we've talked. That handles and a lot of the cms stuff. So he's spent a majority of his time.
Sydney Dunaway: Filling all of that out and getting that ready.
Andrew Meggs: Okay. Yeah. So basically if you wanted to just renew with the 3 licenses and without the accelerator, you have access to it until the end of January. You could just go ahead and download it being a bad sales and there, but you can just go ahead and download it. And and you'll have everything on hand if you download everything. And then renew with just the licenses. And yeah, that would be technically 15 36 but yeah, roughly $1,500 and then
Sydney Dunaway: How much is it extra, like per license for just like the email and stuff?
Andrew Meggs: So if you wanted to add it to your subscription right now, to your renewal, it's 4 30 to a license. A year it's $36 a month per user, but the price for the licenses is anticipated to go up in the new year. So if you want to add a license after that, it would be at a slightly higher rate.
Andrew Meggs: Um
barjes @ arcsaviation . com: Do you guys?
Andrew Meggs: Whatever 38 times 12 is 4 56.
barjes @ arcsaviation . com: The 2 guys compete with the Microsoft I see they dropped their price for GCC High I guess they call it now. Uh
barjes @ arcsaviation . com: Premium or something CC.
Andrew Meggs: Premium. Yeah, they have heard about that. Yeah.
barjes @ arcsaviation . com: Yeah. And they they can't like 420 or 20 upper got, but they went way down, but best. That's the I just say that I'm not
barjes @ arcsaviation . com: That we go there.
Andrew Meggs: Sure. But I mean, yeah, I mean, I have heard I say water cooler talk because anyone on the last time anyone stood by a water cooler. That they did have those licenses. They have created those licenses. Yeah. Those still a big difference between micro between GI and PreVeil, is that for CC. If you wanted to communicate externally and those people didn't have CC, you'd have to pay for a
Andrew Meggs: Temporary license versus PreVeil. It's a pre PreVeil express account. So that's kind of a big selling point there. But yes, I guess I didn't know the exact new price of those licenses, but I did hear that they were coming out with cheaper licenses, yeah.
barjes @ arcsaviation . com: Yeah. I used to be 1,000 per person, I guess. And the Robert to 40 50 45 or something I saw to LinkedIn.
barjes @ arcsaviation . com: And with some small businesses talking about it, we've been there than that. It's there's the middleman and there's all this stuff and it's yeah. And sometimes you get locked and you wait for one day or two?
Andrew Meggs: Plus you don't have me. That's the real. That'd be the real differentiator, right?
barjes @ arcsaviation . com: Yeah. I may take a few days to things. So we are happy with you guys, especially if you can give us a pretty good cut. Yeah.
Andrew Meggs: No. But he
barjes @ arcsaviation . com: Did this comment also? That would be yeah. That does help as well.
Andrew Meggs: So yeah. I mean not to put too too blunt of a point on it. If you did want to renew for multiple years, you'd be able to lock in the current pricing and I'd be able to provide a discount if you wanted to do multi year agreement. But but yeah, if you wanted to just do 12 months with just the 3 licenses, that would be roughly $1,500.
Sydney Dunaway: Is email gateway just is it per user or per organization?
Andrew Meggs: Oh, right. I forgot that you all had that was one of the things I was gonna discuss is that you had shown interest in that at some point. That's per organization.
Sydney Dunaway: And that's how much
Andrew Meggs: That would be
Andrew Meggs: 1,800. I want to say $1,800 for 12 months plus a one time $400 onboarding fee because we have to do some engineering work in the back end to set it up.
barjes @ arcsaviation . com: You said the email?
Andrew Meggs: That's the email gateway for if you wanted to communicate with people without them having sign up for PreVeil express and it would just email them back and forth in their normal email inbox.
Sydney Dunaway: And is that per year? Is that a one time fee?
Andrew Meggs: The $1,800 would be per year.
barjes @ arcsaviation . com: I know I don't know the Navy when we will decline. I don't know the airforce maybe, but yeah.
Andrew Meggs: In my experience, both airforce and Navy are pretty hesitant to sign up for anything. Yeah. Army, they have a little bit more leeway, but airforce and Navy, definitely are not big on signing up for random things now.
barjes @ arcsaviation . com: Yeah. And that's that's the only advantage with the Microsoft stuff because we could use the same e mail. We change it from that come to that use secure. So we could back and forth yeah.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah, but I mean, I do also have clients, I mean, without even without the gateway that they receive documents via do safe and then basically just use PreVeil for storage of said documents. Yeah.
Sydney Dunaway: Yeah, that makes sense. That's kind of what we're doing right now.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah.
barjes @ arcsaviation . com: Yeah. Yeah, yeah. I thought we have Michael. He does he have the license
Sydney Dunaway: Not a no.
barjes @ arcsaviation . com: Okay. Just me and you and Brian? Yep. Okay. Lock in the 2 years. And in a few months, we gonna add a few few guys. Are we still locked into the deal or there'll be starting all over those 2 guys or 3 or whatever?
Andrew Meggs: If you were to lock in for 2 years, I mean, it wouldn't start all over. I mean, it would be adding those people to however many months are left in the subscription. So 23 or 20 or however many months are left. Yeah.
barjes @ arcsaviation . com: Like
barjes @ arcsaviation . com: 30 months left. So it's gonna be prorated for that price. The one yeah. That, yeah.
Andrew Meggs: But it would no it wouldn't start a whole new that's too much paperwork. I don't want to deal with that. No. It would just be prorated.
barjes @ arcsaviation . com: Yeah. We expecting at least one soon. Probably then no. Michael, is he gonna be a guys Brian?
Andrew Meggs: Potentially. I kind of depends on where that Navy project is headed.
barjes @ arcsaviation . com: Okay. Okay.
barjes @ arcsaviation . com: There when we get that
Andrew Meggs: Sure. Yeah.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. But yeah, I mean, if you want I can provide an order form for what multiple years look like or if you want to see email gateway pricing, I can include that as well. Whatever your preferences. Or if you want to just see the 3 users and we can go from there.
Sydney Dunaway: I think if you could send the others as well. It just be it'd be helpful just for us to have.
Andrew Meggs: Sure. I'll send just the 3 users for like for 12 24 and 36 months. And then I'll send a separate one with the gateway. You have pricing with that. And then yeah, you can just let me know what you want to move forward with there.
Sydney Dunaway: Okay.
Andrew Meggs: But
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. Um
Andrew Meggs: I mean, any other questions or I guess what do you have a timeline of when you think you'll want an assessment for cms?
barjes @ arcsaviation . com: Yeah. Well, we would we are with it. I can see it, Alex. Is it. Yeah. I think we talked to you or somebody in here. They gave us 3 3 companies to choose from and we talked to the older 3 and we talk talk the moving the good, but they are kind of slow not sure.
barjes @ arcsaviation . com: Get a little bit aggressive with them yesterday to say we need to move guys. Yeah. Otherwise we're gonna find some consultant, basically. That's the message. Okay.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. I mean, if you're having problems with them, let us know we they try to we try to procure only the best of partners. So if there's any issues at
barjes @ arcsaviation . com: Them and we have that monthly meeting. They are good, but they don't respond to email then. Then yesterday. Michael that. It said I sent you. So and so on VP and all these things. They said we didn't receive it and maybe glitches on their system and
barjes @ arcsaviation . com: Some starting communicating today. I don't know. We'll see. But if we have an issue well, a one year with them, but sometimes it's better to cut to loss and leave if you are not happy, but we'll see.
Andrew Meggs: I think yeah. So definitely definitely if you if it does get to that point, let me know. And I'll talk to our partner compliance team because we don't want to be recommending people that cause issues for our clients, obviously. So I'll pass that feedback along for sure. Okay. But
barjes @ arcsaviation . com: But hopefully next time we'll see how it goes. It's yeah. The there's a free time we need to use. There is hours block hours, like the 10 so that you have to pay and we haven't used that powers. Maybe we gonna use that hour the hours. So maybe that will help a little bit, I don't know. But it's just slowly moving pretty slow.
barjes @ arcsaviation . com: It's each month and it's only once a month and it's moving we ask for to use the 10 hours and then pass these 10 hours to pay. This will said, okay, we pay but you know, we need somebody to talk to
barjes @ arcsaviation . com: Okay. They good if we need to talk to them. But if there's no, they wouldn't they disappear.
Andrew Meggs: Right. Right.
barjes @ arcsaviation . com: Yeah. For now we know. I'm not we'll see how it goes in the next after the holiday. So a lot to have guys. Sure.
Andrew Meggs: I'm always here for you if you need anything.
barjes @ arcsaviation . com: Thank you. Um
Andrew Meggs: But well, I say that. I'm actually gonna be out of the office between December new year. So if you need anything in that time period, I will actually be out of the office, but anything after the new years
barjes @ arcsaviation . com: Now, is the government really coming pretty hard on businesses and things flow down into the sap and all these things they have to we the government. They send me something and say confirm that. Your score is still one or 3 I said now my score is way below 0 or unaware, but it is a give me time to first quarter 26. So hopefully, 26 is still minus 200 or minus 100 I forgot the send them so many document and it. And then they go over a document to to get in and we have to do something else or not something else, but it's just a baby step.
Andrew Meggs: Baby steps. Exactly, yeah. But the
barjes @ arcsaviation . com: Time being, but we'll see uh
barjes @ arcsaviation . com: We are firm with them last meeting and hopefully we'll see how it goes. And by in
barjes @ arcsaviation . com: February January, well
Andrew Meggs: Okay. Well um
barjes @ arcsaviation . com: I would be good, much better.
Andrew Meggs: In the meantime, I will send this over with the multi years and the email gateway and everything. And if you want to let me know what you want to move forward with, we can go ahead and go from there.
barjes @ arcsaviation . com: Yeah. Okay. Okay.
Andrew Meggs: Well, I any anything else you wanted to go over or discuss?
barjes @ arcsaviation . com: Uh
barjes @ arcsaviation . com: No, not here.
Andrew Meggs: Okay. Well, I appreciate you all s time and I'll send all this over and if you do need anything, definitely don't hesitate to reach out. Let me know.
Sydney Dunaway: Okay. Thanks.
Andrew Meggs: Thank you, all. And yeah, I hope you all have a great rest of the day and happy holidays.
barjes @ arcsaviation . com: Thank you. Yeah.