Account: Aspex
Call Date: 2026-01-19
Duration: 00:08:52
Participants: John Przybylski, Zackary Gilman, Larry Ballance

======================================================================

Unknown rep: So
Unknown rep: Good afternoon.
Unknown rep: Doesn't look like we're a win for anybody else, correct. Is this hello? Good afternoon, all meeting, right?
Speaker 1: That should be it.
Unknown rep: Perfect. Well, yeah, this meeting should be relatively straightforward. My name is Zack from the customer success team, I'll be your point of contact here at PreVeil from now on. This meeting is really just to introduce you to myself introduce you to some next steps, as well as some resources you have at your disposal here. PreVeil, as well as just hear a little bit from you guys. What brought you to PreVeil. I would like to kick up these calls just to hear a little bit about what brought you to us. I assume it's SMS compliance related, but just like to hear from you guys on what made you choose PreVeil or what brought you to us.
Speaker 1: Well, let me get started because I was stuck with trying to implement cms. We originally had a contractor that was helping us. We got our sap done. We set up an on Clive and then we
Speaker 1: Struggled with implementing every control. And we recently had a
Speaker 1: Water heater fail in our office space, which essentially
Speaker 1: Had me disconnect the enclave and separate it because the water was encroaching on the server room.
Speaker 1: So it was a combination of things that I pushed us to to start getting things going. Obviously, the cms is rules are now being more implemented and trying to make sure everything is all the evidence for all the cms controls and everything else organized. Um
Speaker 1: I wasn't very confident in us, passing a audit and those can be quite expensive. So PreVeil has had obviously, success in getting through the process and getting companies accredited. And that's kind of where we work. We initially looked at PreVeil the contractor that were using used PreVeil. So he highly recommended it. When were moving away from an enclave concept, then that was kind of high on our list.
Unknown rep: Perfect. Well, that's super helpful. Context, just like to hear about where you guys are coming from. Thank you for that. And then in terms of the licenses here at PreVeil, it looks like you have the 2 licenses with the admin console for one of them and then the compliance bundle with the accelerator and the GRC is that correct?
Unknown rep: Larry. Yeah. Okay. Perfect. Just wanted to confirm. And then in terms of next steps from here, so in the in that welcome email that you signed up for this call with the second link is gonna be just a download and install the PreVeil system onto your device. That setup is usually around 5 to 10 minutes and that'll just get you know, into the PreVeil system, have the full admin console have you guys had a chance to to set up that org yet at all? No worries. If you haven't had a chance yet.
Unknown rep: No. I understand that. There's some kind of warm boarding training that we do.
Unknown rep: Yeah. The second step would just be downloading the PreVeil and then next would be doing a hour long onboarding call. We just asked you set download PreVeil. So you're not just sitting there on the meeting for 5 minutes waiting for it to download. But yeah, then the next step would be doing that technical onboarding call with our support team and that'll be more like an hour long call. And they'll be able to dive into the admin console and kind of go over things in terms of the technical setup.
Unknown rep: But those 2 links should be within that welcome email that I sent. I'll resend this as well in my follow up email, just so you guys have it again. But feel free whenever you guys are ready to set up that onboarding through their calendar link that I'll send they should have some time for this week if you guys are all set to do that. But that'll be the kind of the next few steps there onboarding.
Unknown rep: John and
Speaker 1: That and I assume that'll make me the admin. I don't know if you wanted to be the admin or not.
Speaker 1: Well, you're currently leads. Okay. I'll do it. I just want to make sure because we only have the one fee.
Speaker 1: Add a second one.
Unknown rep: Yeah. You can always add another another admin user whenever you guys want, but probably makes sense for whoever is gonna be the initial admin to download the PreVeil system. And that way you'll have the admin permissions right from the jump. And then from there, you can obviously add users at your disposal and then be able to to book that onboarding to get the full admin deep dive. And then in terms of compliance accelerator access, you're able to have up to 3 people inside that system, would both of you with your e mails. Would you want to be inside the r and the compliance accelerator system?
Unknown rep: Yeah.
Unknown rep: Okay. Perfect. So I'll add both of you after this call. And then if you ever have another person that you would want in there inside the GRC or the compliance accelerator, happy to to add them can always shoot over their emails at any point
Unknown rep: Some other resources just to note, again, this will be in my follow up email. So no need to to take these down. I'll send this right over after this call, but you have support at PreVeil.com and that email if you send them. If you send them an email, it'll create a support ticket automatically as well as we have another ticketing system. I'll send you the link to that as well if you want to put in a ticket manually. And then we have compliance at PreVeil.com. That's where any one off questions, anything that you feel that could be answered through an email. Feel free to shoot over our compliance team. Any questions as well as with the compliance accelerate, you do have 6 30 minute sessions with that same team. So those are longer a 30 minute zoom calls. You're able to ask different scoping questions about cy, different documentation questions, maybe if it gets closer to an assessment and you want to have a couple of sessions just to make sure you're all set with that definitely make use of those sessions. And those will be under additional compliance resources in the compliance. Accelerate, you'll see it's right at the top.
Unknown rep: And then the only other thing I have on my plate is just to schedule a 90 day check in call. So probably looking at the third week in April from now on. What I do is I'll probably just put down the same time for that third week in April. But if it doesn't work as we get closer to it, feel free to to change things around. We can always adhere to your schedules.
Unknown rep: But that's kind of it for my spiel. Like I said, this call is very straight. Straightforward. Just to introduce you to myself some resources here. I'll send all all of it in a follow up email, but kind of want to open it up, see if there's any questions, anything I can address right off the bat.
Speaker 1: Seems straightforward to me. Everything John.
Speaker 1: Yes. That's any any questions that are gonna be probably for the actual users or company? President and whoever else he assigns the second account?
Unknown rep: Yeah. Yeah, definitely. I'm sure more questions will come up as your users start to actually get inside the system. So I'll be your point of contact from here on out. So feel free to shoot over any questions. I can always help myself or trying to direct you to the right team that we got here. From here you'll receive 2 emails. One will be from our learning management system. That's actually 3 emails one that says you've been invited to the compliance accelerator one that says you've invited to the GRC tool. And then another one will just be from myself a follow up email, that kind of details everything we talked about and I'll give you guys the links to book on boarding as well as some of those resources.
Unknown rep: So good. Awesome. Well, if there's nothing else, I'll let you guys get back to it, but it was great to meet you both and look forward to to working with you guys.
Speaker 1: Great, thanks. Alright. Thank you.
Unknown rep: Thank you. Have a good one. Bye. Have a good one.