Account: Bauer Foundation Corp
Call Date: 2026-02-02
Duration: 00:14:14
Participants: Andrew Meggs, Baltazar Ochoa, Gabriel Rosario

======================================================================

Gabriel Rosario: Hello, Andrew?
Andrew Meggs: Hello. Gabriel, how are you?
Gabriel Rosario: Doing good. How are you?
Andrew Meggs: I am doing well.
Gabriel Rosario: Nice. Nice to hear.
Andrew Meggs: But is actually showing up shortly, right?
Gabriel Rosario: Yes, sir. Yeah. Yeah. He's wrapping up a meeting that he has
Gabriel Rosario: To teddy two, three, okay. Yeah.
Gabriel Rosario: Oh, there it is.
Andrew Meggs: Hello Baltazar.
Baltazar: Hey, how are you under?
Andrew Meggs: Good, good. Good after I guess, where are you all located?
Baltazar: In Florida.
Andrew Meggs: Okay. It's good afternoon.
Baltazar: Where are you?
Andrew Meggs: I'm in Minnesota.
Gabriel Rosario: All right.
Baltazar: Center of the
Andrew Meggs: Slightly colder.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah.
Gabriel Rosario: It's slightly just slightly not so much here. We are like a day Katy to these past days. So
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. I appreciate you hopping on a call with me. Hopefully this won't take too terribly long. I guess your renewal is coming up here or I guess let me take a couple of seconds back. What all would you like to discuss today before I get into it?
Baltazar: We want to discuss. So we are undertaking here an update on our it systems.
Baltazar: And we have some it guys that are the ones that I don't know anything and Gabriel knows much more than that ready to it. But we have the guys that administer the system.
Baltazar: And
Baltazar: Some of them are based in Germany and
Baltazar: As we are undertaking, let's just say an update on the IT systems and we need to understand if the platform of prepared good suit. Our needs future needs.
Baltazar: I would like you or someone from PreVeil to connect with these guys from Germany and from from from here also in order to
Baltazar: Present the platform and as the thing is the capabilities of the platform and how the information the sensitive information is safe word.
Andrew Meggs: Sure. So just to clarify, are these BAUER Foundation employees or these like consultants or who
Baltazar: They are
Baltazar: They are employees BAUER, not BAUER Foundation employees, but it BAUER employees from the group.
Andrew Meggs: Okay.
Baltazar: So is this company is not a consultant has nothing to do with a consultant is, as I said, a power Foundation, power, power power company employees.
Andrew Meggs: Sure. Yeah. Maybe not specifically to our Foundation, but power employee. Yeah. Yeah. Um
Baltazar: Okay. Yeah, I mean, I guess some of them are based in in in Germany. I
Baltazar: I just
Baltazar: Wanted just to make sure that it's possible to contact to to to set the coordination of the meeting. But not through this the normal through the normal application that you have because it's gonna be if you can give me some time slots your week so that I can tell them because they are 7 hours or 6 hours ahead of us.
Andrew Meggs: Sure.
Baltazar: Send it to me now, but just just for you and concerns. Shoot us an email whenever you are.
Baltazar: Because with the system that you have is not gonna work for us.
Baltazar: Yeah. So
Andrew Meggs: I mean, I can have like, a 9:00 am call and that would be 4:00 pm in Germany. Yeah.
Baltazar: That's gonna be very good.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. Definitely. Pretty much.
Baltazar: 8 39.
Andrew Meggs: A.m. My time. So I'm central time. That would be 3:34 o'clock German time. That should probably be fine. Um
Andrew Meggs: If that works for them. If they just want something in the afternoon pretty much any day. I'm fine. Doing that. So whatever days work for them. I can schedule that. But that being said, I might depending on their questions, I might not be the best person to have that meeting with.
Baltazar: Though. Yeah, that is also the idea of having this conversation.
Baltazar: What they're wanting to have. Yeah.
Andrew Meggs: If they're wanting to have a in depth, technical conversation about the engineering of PreVeil, I wouldn't even be able to answer those questions.
Baltazar: I'm not include the one that but if someone from your team could be available, would be also nice. Sure. Yeah. So
Andrew Meggs: So what I can do is we have a
Andrew Meggs: A security white paper that kind of goes into the mechanics of how PreVeil works that I can provide to you. And then if you want to let me know like exactly what kind of questions they're looking to answer, I can coordinate and make sure the right people are on that call.
Baltazar: I think they just looking
Andrew Meggs: For like, a general demo.
Baltazar: In the beginning, they just want to understand the system and what we what you do and all the stuff the demo and then maybe they're after from the questions will come
Andrew Meggs: Okay. And so
Baltazar: But it's good if you send me the paper so that I can send that in advance.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. And and then just to kind of get the context here are these people going to be administrators for your organization? Or I guess not to be too delicate? who are these people the
Baltazar: One guy is the administrator of the whole group, right? Yeah. But this guy
Baltazar: Will not be the administration cannot be the administration of the
Baltazar: Of our services because he's not American sure.
Andrew Meggs: Sure. That makes sense. But they're looking for kind of a demo of like, what PreVeil is and what we're about.
Baltazar: Yeah. And the other 2 guys are Americans and I think one of those guys I want to with the administration of the system and maybe administration of the system.
Andrew Meggs: Sure. Yeah. Um, I can definitely provide the white paper. If they're looking for just a general demo of PreVeil, I can do that. If they're looking for a more in depth conversation, that'd probably be with our support team and I can send you a link to their calendar. Really just whichever whatever team they're looking for. I can definitely coordinate that.
Baltazar: Yeah. I think the first meeting definitely would like to have with you.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. Okay.
Gabriel Rosario: Well, in that case um
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. I'll send this white paper over and just pretty much any day. Uh
Andrew Meggs: 30 or 4:00 pm their time I'm available. So whatever super is good for them.
Baltazar: Then I can I could send you an invite in teams and this will be okay with you.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. Well, specifically this Thursday actually do have another meeting at 9:00 a.m. My time, but
Baltazar: Pretty much.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. But I can yeah, I could do. Um
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. This week is pretty crazy. I could do tomorrow or Wednesday of this week and pretty much any day next week. I can do like 8 30 or 9. If you send me a team's invite, I'll that would be
Andrew Meggs: 9 30 or 10:00 your time. And then 3 30 or 4 Germany time. Yeah, I'd be available for a meeting.
Baltazar: So you said tomorrow on Wednesday or next week? Anytime not anytime any day. Maybe any day next week. Yeah.
Andrew Meggs: Thursday and Friday, I already have meetings at those times.
Baltazar: Perfect.
Baltazar: Perfect. Perfect. Well, that was from our side. So I think you have some from your side. No, well
Andrew Meggs: I mean I know that you were asking about maybe adding some additional admins are that are these the people that would be those admins?
Baltazar: No, no. These are here. These are people one of those. Maybe the
Baltazar: So these 3 people were what we want to me from from our team. Apart from us, this is a guy which is the administrator administer the whole system in in the us, which is based in Texas. Sure. And a guy who is working with us here in in in Florida.
Baltazar: I'm the guy from Germany.
Andrew Meggs: Oh, okay. All are all over then. Um
Gabriel Rosario: But yeah. The only other question
Andrew Meggs: I had was regarding the quote for the 2 admins is if that's good to send for signature via docusign. I was gonna
Baltazar: We can make a PO for that, right?
Gabriel Rosario: Yes. I was about to ask you one. Is he okay if we start a PO? oh, sure.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. It doesn't have to be yeah, document. Normally how we do it, a PO is fine too. Doesn't really matter.
Gabriel Rosario: Okay. So
Baltazar: Only have two, 2 more admins.
Gabriel Rosario: I asked for 2 more admins. Yeah, that's correct.
Baltazar: All right. And nothing else.
Gabriel Rosario: Nothing else.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. If you look at the order form, it looks a little confusing. So basically, we've changed the nomenclature of how our admins work. So instead of being a separate license, it's considered a add on to a user license. So if you look at the order form, it says like 2 users with 2 admin console licenses. But what that means is that it's 2 admins, but basically, yeah, it's just it looks a little funky, but it is just 2 admins, yeah.
Gabriel Rosario: Yes. And I have a question in regards to our account. We have one one person that is no longer with BAUER and when to remove that person, but that person is part of a an approval crew because before we have I believe we have 3 users and 2 admins and that users stay there. But how can I remove him do I have to add these 2 new admins? Create another group approval approval group and that guy?
Andrew Meggs: So it's kind of a pain. But yeah, basically you'll need to create a new approval group. Okay. Approve the disease, dissolution of the old approval group and then you'll be able to delete the user. So it's kind of annoying, I know. But
Gabriel Rosario: Yeah. I figured that we have to do something like that and okay, we need these 2 new 2 admins because Gabriel
Gabriel Rosario: Was that
Gabriel Rosario: An admin.
Baltazar: Yes. Good. Okay.
Gabriel Rosario: Yes. Yes. I am. But we have only 2 active users and to create an approval group. We need 3. Yes, that's the only
Gabriel Rosario: The only point that is stopping us to
Baltazar: Okay. You have amar and you, right. Yes.
Gabriel Rosario: Yes, we need somebody else. So we're going to move forward with the PO. And you can
Baltazar: Include me if you want.
Gabriel Rosario: And be okay.
Baltazar: I will not be administered anything, but this approval things only.
Gabriel Rosario: Yeah, you can approve and this approved.
Baltazar: Okay.
Baltazar: So we may need some users also, but let's talk.
Baltazar: After we have the meeting with the German guy.
Andrew Meggs: Okay. Yeah. Uh, I will send this white paper over and send me an invite for whenever works for what is this German person's name. Um
Baltazar: Hi, Michael.
Gabriel Rosario: Michael. So, yeah.
Andrew Meggs: Marco for yeah. So whenever Marco is available yeah, just send out an invite and that should be good.
Andrew Meggs: Was there anything else you guys wanted to go over?
Baltazar: No, no. This is because we are as I said, we are updating these things and we are yeah, we are in speed models.
Andrew Meggs: Fair enough. Well. Yeah, I'll send this over and you have my contact info. So you if you do need anything else, let me know. Otherwise, yeah, I appreciate you all taking the time to meet with me and I'll look forward to that meeting invitation.
Baltazar: We thank you for your time. And then we keep in touch, right?
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. Sounds good. Thanks, both. Are thanks. Thank you. Yeah, you'll have a
Baltazar: Thank you, Gabriel. Bye.
Andrew Meggs: Bye. Bye.
Gabriel Rosario: Bye.