Account: Black Cape
Call Date: 2026-02-12
Duration: 00:24:14
Participants: Andrew Meggs, Kevin Dwyer, Derek Woodley

======================================================================

Andrew Meggs: Hello, Kevin?
Kevin Dwyer: Hey, Andrew, how are you?
Kevin Dwyer: Well, good. We're uh
Kevin Dwyer: Busy as always and uh
Kevin Dwyer: Excited to kick off some PreVeil stuff.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. Is Derek going to be joining us, do you know?
Kevin Dwyer: I think so. He said yes, I think to the invite.
Andrew Meggs: Can you give him maybe a little bit more time?
Kevin Dwyer: Then yeah. We need to probably need to give him a minute.
Kevin Dwyer: I just pinned him on slack to see if he's still planning to come.
Andrew Meggs: And this is mostly supposed to be just sort of like a welcome intro call, sort of thing. So um
Andrew Meggs: If he's not able to make it. That's okay.
Kevin Dwyer: Cool. Yeah, he said one second. I'll be here.
Kevin Dwyer: Yeah. It's uh
Kevin Dwyer: So Black Cape is a
Kevin Dwyer: We still call ourselves a small company, but we're now 200 engineers ish. And so there's a there's not exactly an it department. It's you know, sort of one of my other day jobs here. And Derek is more in charge of operations, things especially around contracts and things like that. He's more of a user and I'm more of an admin when it comes to something like PreVeil. It's definitely important to keep him in the loop on these things. We can tag team this stuff.
Kevin Dwyer: Sure.
Andrew Meggs: We'll get it in a few more minutes then. Yeah.
Kevin Dwyer: Are you are you local or where are you I don't know where are you local look like?
Andrew Meggs: I'm in Minnesota myself. Okay. Yeah. Most of the team is in the Boston area.
Kevin Dwyer: But that on one of the previous calls and then anyway, we're in the DC area.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. Where are you all at?
Kevin Dwyer: Well, our office is located in Arlington, Virginia. I I live in and which is as the crow fly, something like 13 miles but could be an hour, you know.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. No, I used to live there back in the day when I was when I myself was a defense contractor. I lived in right next to the integon city. Stop, actually. But yeah, that was a
Andrew Meggs: Long time ago. But you know, it is you meet a girl. She lowers you to the frozen tundra.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. She lowers you to the Midwest next thing. You're shoveling snow for the rest of your life. Congrats. Yeah.
Andrew Meggs: Any who hi, Derek?
Derek Woodley: Hey, how's it going? sorry for being a few minutes late. I'm run around between meetings today. I'm on my phone and I guess we haven't used zoom in a while. So my fault, we're a google shop. So anyway, a little it doesn't matter how how good of a an engineer you are somehow the AV stuff is never easy. I'm not sure why that is.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. No worries. This is as I was telling Kevin this is mostly supposed to be just sort of like a welcome intro call anyways. So it's a very low pressure for context of why you're even talking to me. Yeah. I am the account manager for your account going forward. So okay. Technically my title is customer success manager. But basically I'm going to be your general main point of contact here at PreVeil for your duration. So I like to have a call with all my clients to let you know, we exist and welcome to PreVeil, but be kind of go over the onboarding process and make sure you don't have any initial questions.
Derek Woodley: Great. And yeah, if we already if I missed interest in Kevin introduced himself he's one of our senior VPS of engineering and kind of is the technical lead on this. And I'm on the operations side and run our contract security and kind of like compliance teams. So I'm kind of coming at it from that angle of where the 2 ended monster that is. Gonna
Derek Woodley: Gonna allow us to process UI and then eventually get the cms certification. So Kevin did a great job of doing analysis alternatives and kind of came up with with you guys. And um
Derek Woodley: I'm already pretty happy with what I'm seeing as far as functionality I got it. The got the plugin setup on on gmail and um, pretty, from my perspective, pretty nice that. I know we'll have some learning curve with our folks, but pretty nice that I was able to just follow your instructions and at least get one dip my toe in the water. So it's been a good start from my perspective so far over
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. I mean, I was actually gonna say a lot of what we would talk about on this call. Looks like you've already done it. Looks like you've got your work setup and your users in the system there. And I see that you have already reached out to to Chris for the gateway implementation. So how this normally works Chris from our support team was saying is you will set up your org, which you've already done and you go through the official hourlong kind of training and onboarding session with our support team. And then after that is when they would help implement your gateway and your seem connector. So that'll be a separate implementation after the onboarding is done. It's 2 actually 2 separate implementation since 2 different products, but that's usually done after that. Training session to make sure you're there's nothing wrong in the back end with your organization and answering any initial technical questions you might have.
Kevin Dwyer: Yeah. No, I appreciate that Andrew. I definitely kind of was jumping the gun there because I got on a role of getting the organization setup and then I started going through the confluence docs and I was like email gateway. Let's get it wrong. Yeah, I didn't mean to put the cart before the horse on the
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. No, I mean, it's not a big deal. And honestly, this is the most on the ball. I've seen one of my clients be in in quite some time. So no, that's fine. But unfortunately they basically they'll probably have to they might have to delete that user that you created because it kind of has to be like, configured in the back end from scratch for each client before you can actually create that user. But yeah, it's not not not an issue. But long story short. Chris was saying after that onboarding meeting is when they will they'll start that process. But yeah. So that'll be the gateway and the same connector. It'll be 2 different implementations. Chris handles most of our unfortunately it's a few different people on the support team are specialized in the different products. So Chris, usually handles our gateway implementations. And Phil normally handles our same connector implementations. But like I said, they'll they'll reach out after that onboarding. Which I'll in my follow up email. I'll provide a link to to set that up to do the onboarding meeting and for that. It is like I said, it's an hour on kind of training session. It goes over how to use PreVeil. But it also is admin roles and responsibilities if you want to invite some of your end users can part of it will be outside of the scope of what your end users need to know. But you can certainly invite them if you want. But oftentimes it's more of a train the trainer sort of thing.
Kevin Dwyer: Makes sense. Derek is there anybody you'd want to invite to that? Or do you think we should just knock it out ourselves?
Derek Woodley: Let me think about it. I mean, I think you and I are definitely in force for this. And we can talk about it. Maybe just train the trainer is the right approach. I think one other um
Derek Woodley: Andrew for your sort of. We're um
Derek Woodley: I think one of the reasons why Kevin was well, not only why I was leaning out over the skis is a good engineer and very capable and understands this stuff more than than most people. But we do have we're getting some pressure on some contract stuff for for the cms stuff. So we're just we're kind of like motivated to to move quickly. So Kevin we'll I'll think about it. We'll talk internally if we need to invite anybody. But maybe it's just you and I and then we we probably Kevin probably is smart from your standpoint to to do a little knowledge transfer with one or 2 other of our senior engineering team just for some backup on this stuff. But I don't know if we need to absolutely have them in the meeting. I think we should just schedule it and go forward.
Kevin Dwyer: Yeah, I agree. I think well, we do need to annoy a couple of admins and we'll figure out
Derek Woodley: Who yeah. That's let's just talk between us and figure that out. And I don't think that can hold I don't think that should hold up the yeah, the initial engagement call.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. Yeah. Like I said, you can invite them every you can invite all 30 people if you want or if you just want to like, record it for posterity, you can whatever your preferences. And then yeah, the gateway and team connector happens after that. Completely separate from that though. Completely separate websites is our compliance products. So that is the compliance accelerator and our C tool. That will be the I guess video doc series on compliance as well as the project management tool for getting everything together there. And for those, I added the both of you to that right before this call. You should be seeing email invitations for both of those shortly. If you haven't already the accelerator, we build on talent, LMS and the GRC we built on is. So it'll be 2 different things. You'll see there, but I'll also include direct links in my follow up email too. That's kind of unfortunately, 3 different things you have to keep track of the actual purvey up and then the 2 separate uh compliance sites, but yeah, you now have access to that.
Derek Woodley: That's great. And no worries on the multiple sites. And in fact, just I think with discussions with Kevin, one of the reasons that we went with you as a vendor, is that compliance support that was just just for like you probably know this, but that was kind of a differentiator for us because we're a small business. We're certainly looking to do all the things correctly for cms and we want to protect the information. We're very serious about that. We also don't want to break the bank on spending a ton of time and effort to get our documentation in order. So I personally am very eager to jump in there and uh
Derek Woodley: Just use some of the accelerator stuff like you're saying. So we kinda can maybe
Derek Woodley: Not spent 100 hours on on getting our documentation, right? So so we're we're excited about that, for sure.
Andrew Meggs: Over. Yeah. No. So you can hop in there now. If you want or right after this call. You can have up to 3 people in either of those at a time. Is there anyone else that should be added off the bat to to either of those or is it just the 2 of you all for now?
Derek Woodley: What do you think Kevin? I think probably for that, it's just the 2 of us and we'll see if we tap somebody else to to help us. But maybe we Kevin maybe we reserve that third slot for
Derek Woodley: Uh
Derek Woodley: I think we're okay. What do you?
Kevin Dwyer: Think yeah. Yeah. And what does it take to add somebody Andrew? Do we just call you
Andrew Meggs: Just email me. It's pretty
Derek Woodley: All right. Yeah. Let's reserve that one and Kevin and I are gonna be working it. And as we go, there there might be a third person that again that we tap to
Kevin Dwyer: Derek Derek I would love someone else.
Andrew Meggs: To be that's right. I manage upon this on to anyone else.
Andrew Meggs: Let me rephrase that Kevin.
Derek Woodley: And I think we are gonna find a worker b._i just don't have the name right now and we need to do it's probably gonna be an army volunteer. We work for 3 army guys. So someone's gonna get tapped. They just don't know. They just don't
Andrew Meggs: Know it yet. You don't know yet. So any when you find the smoke, let me know. And it's it takes like 2 seconds to add someone. So just e mail. But I but the success team is the administrators of the 2 products. So we are the people that adds people. But yeah, that's kind of it in terms of getting started the 2 pillars of the technical setup and then the compliance stuff. Kind of the delineation on our end of the different teams you'll be working with here. So our support team Kevin you've already talked to Chris. Our support team are the people that do all the onboarding and the implementations for our technical products. They're also people who will handle any bugs or technical issues, though. Hopefully that won't be relevant. They're generally available at support at PreVeil.com if you email that email address, that'll create a ticket. Because you have our accelerator and the Dr tool. You also have access to our own internal compliance team. So they are the people who wrote all the documentation and made all the videos and made the GRC tool they're available if you have any compliance related questions, if you need guidance. If you know, just want to run something by them. They're available compliance at PreVeil.com and then there's also a direct link to their calendar in the accelerator if you want to schedule a meeting with them.
Andrew Meggs: And then I am kind of the general main point of contact. If you're not true to talk to if something needs to get escalated. Or if you have any account related questions, like add a license subscription, all adding people the accelerator, that sort of thing.
Kevin Dwyer: That sounds good, Andrew. One one thing that I did have was when we were first setting things up we were talking about getting access to the documentation for cms. Is that part of one of those compliance tools that we were just discussing?
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. That's in the accelerate. It might be easier if I just show you what this looks like. Have you had a demo of it yet?
Kevin Dwyer: Not yet. We're pretty quick studies, but just if you can point me in the right direction, that's helpful and related to that was I think there was some talk about some relationships with POS and CPAs that who already know PreVeil that I think we want to get some of those conversations started that's a process is gonna take a long time. So like rather get ahead of it.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. Okay. That's 2 different things. Let's start with the first one. The documentation and this will be somewhat redundant. So this is our compliance accelerator. So the idea behind this is that this is a step by step walkthrough of cms compliance where each of these steps there is a video and then beneath that step is the relevant documentation to that video. And all of the documentation lives here in step 6 documentation. If you want to skip to straight that. But well, while here, I'll also show you where that link to the compliance team under additional compliance resources. Here is where the link to the compliance teams calendar is so if you ever want to schedule a meeting with but because you have our let me I got to pull this up to him one second because you have our GRC tool. All of that documentation is also in our GRC tool, which I'll show you where that is. If zoom is being cooperative here. Okay, this is what the GRC tool looks like when you open it. It's a dashboard which kind of shows. Obviously, right now, it's gonna show all zeros for you. But if you go in there, the compliance concert, compliance, accelerator documentation is also in the tool. If you want to you probably want to use the documentation within the GRC tool because that's meant to actually be the place where you store it and change it and
Kevin Dwyer: Okay. Yeah. Yeah.
Andrew Meggs: Actually follow where you're at with compliance. So it's in 2 different places. But it's kind of broken down here in the tool. And this is kind of where you're going to be storing it anyways. So you might want to pull it from there if you want. If you're just wanting to skip straight to the documentation.
Kevin Dwyer: No, that was really helpful. Thanks for showing me those 2 spots.
Andrew Meggs: And yeah, I don't know if you've got a demo of the GRC tool, but yeah, this is what this is also what it looks like. But yeah. So basically, you'll upload your system security plan here and then that'll map to all these different controls here. And then you'll go into each control and say yes, I've done this. No, I haven't done this needs to be done by somebody, that sort of thing.
Kevin Dwyer: Makes sense.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. That's kind of the 22nd overview of those 2 things. But yeah, you should see invitation to those. But like I said, I'll include a a direct link to them in my follow up email as well. And then yeah, other than that. Next step just scheduling that onboarding and getting the accelerator and Sam connector implementation started getting into the the gateway and seem connector implementation started. But yeah, once you're done with that, it's pretty much off to the races.
Kevin Dwyer: Cool. Yeah. Oh, and and I guess I did kind of like ask 2 questions at once, but
Andrew Meggs: For right. Yeah.
Kevin Dwyer: Yeah.
Andrew Meggs: There is a list of those on our website and I'll share a link to that. We also have an internal team kind of a subsection of our compliance team that handles all of our partner relationships with our Cape. So if you want specific recommendations that you'd be able to provide that to you, I'll share a link to their calendar as well if you want to meet with them. But yeah, to the best of my knowledge. Most of these are already booked out a quarter 2 quarters. So if you are looking to start the process and or rather if you're looking to get assessed in the next 3 to 6 months, it wouldn't hurt to to start looking at them.
Kevin Dwyer: 100% that's exactly what I was thinking. So good. Yeah, we'll probably reach out to that team. We're basically we're looking for easy buttons, right? And yeah. So as many of those as we can press, that's what we're gonna do.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. I mean, unfortunately with cms there is no silver bullet purely easy button. Unless well, unless you want to spend $200,000 to have somebody do it for you. But yeah. But hopefully with the acceleration tool and our compliance team is easier button or slightly less painful button or however you want to phrase it. Um
Andrew Meggs: But yeah. Any other questions or anything else you wanted to go over?
Kevin Dwyer: Not for me, Derek hear me.
Derek Woodley: Nope. I'm good. It's been. Super helpful. And we're looking forward to diving in with your team. So all good here.
Andrew Meggs: Awesome. Yeah. The only other thing I'd like to do on these calls is I like to set up a 90 day check in call with all my clients just to make sure things are going smoothly. Obviously you can reach out to me before then if you need anything. But do you mind if I put some time on the calendar for May 12th is 90 days from now?
Kevin Dwyer: Yeah. I don't have a problem. I don't know what you're doing Derek, but
Derek Woodley: Well, if you do it on the 13th, that's my birthday. So that's fine.
Andrew Meggs: I will take I take my birthday off every year. So I you know, good for you.
Derek Woodley: Good. Good for you. So the 12th is fine. Yeah, Kevin are to the point where celebrating birthdays becomes less exciting as you get older.
Andrew Meggs: I just it that way. I try to make it exciting. If I you know, if I don't celebrate me who will that's my thought process. There you go. So if you want to Derek you might want to put that to an already. I was all I'm saying. But yeah, yeah.
Derek Woodley: Yeah. Well we work for a small business. We yeah, I'll put the PO in, but that doesn't mean it's gonna get you know, how you know, how it rolls. But now that, I know
Andrew Meggs: We're PreVeil PreVeil a pretty small business ourselves. So yeah.
Derek Woodley: No, no. We're happy to to check in. And my guess is through a few of these things will probably reach out to you, but you really sounds like you guys have a very organized onboarding process and have given us the the teams and the tools to to talk to. So I you know, I think if what Kevin is saying if we can talk with your team about getting potentially some recommendations on the on the audit side and get that on the calendar, even if it's 6 months from now. Yeah. That puts us in a really good spot again with our management and our contracts to say, yep, here's our plan. Here's our schedule and I think that it just it turns the temperature down on Kevin and I for just having a plan for this step. So I think you've armed us with the info that we need to know.
Andrew Meggs: Good. Good. Hopefully, there wasn't too terribly much info. But yeah, I put that on the calendar for may and I will send this follow up email kind of talking about or going over everything that we talked about with all the contact information of everybody that I was mentioning and all the links and everything to all the compliance stuff. And then yeah. Any other questions or points of clarification you need here at the start?
Kevin Dwyer: Not for me.
Andrew Meggs: Okay. Well I appreciate your time and it's great to meet the both of you all and I hope you'll have a great weekend.
Kevin Dwyer: Save you. Have a good one, man. Have a good one.
Derek Woodley: Thanks. Appreciate it.