Account: Black Hills Works
Call Date: 2026-01-15
Duration: 00:20:35
Participants: Zackary Gilman, Daniel Coate

======================================================================

Zackary Gilman: So
Tyler Wainwright: Hey, can you hear me?
Zackary Gilman: Yeah, I can hear you.
Tyler Wainwright: Awesome. Good afternoon to you as well. Hey, Tyler.
Zackary Gilman: Good afternoon. Are we waiting for it? Looks like Daniel had accepted. We're gonna wait for Daniel, a minute or two?
Tyler Wainwright: Yeah. He'll be in
Zackary Gilman: Okay. Sounds good today.
Tyler Wainwright: So
Tyler Wainwright: Yeah. I'm just getting ready to start. Um
Tyler Wainwright: With the deployment of Brazil under some workstations and things like that. So I'm excited to to work with you guys. The sole cms process for an organization. Ours is kind of a pain, but we're just the non for profit. Um
Tyler Wainwright: We support a belt with intellectual and developmental disabilities. And we're not really in this industry. Obviously is not for profit to make money. So this cms stuff has been kind of exorbitant expensive. It was really happy when I stumbled across PreVeil.
Zackary Gilman: Okay. It sounds like you guys got kind of thrown into it.
Tyler Wainwright: Yeah. We have 2 contracts that are those dear 70 12 contracts with the government that required a level 2 CC stuff. So such a small user base that actually interacts with UI we've got like 550 employees here, but like, we're looking at numbers below 20 for people that interact with the UI. So we were originally paying a kind of a third party contractor to come in and help us try to understand the SMS stuff and they were trying to push us to go like the GCC, High route and the pricing for that just seemed agregious.
Zackary Gilman: Yeah, I would assume with the company your size that it would be insane ly, costly to to migrate everybody to a GCC, High environment.
Tyler Wainwright: Well, they were trying to just have us create an enclave just for the UI users, but even the conclave was more expensive than what PreVeil was offering. So and a lot more work on on it. I am a one man team here and I do all of our cyber security from our daily security operations on all through compliance and everything like that. So my time is already stretched thin and the SMS stuff is a large time investment and PreVeil with you guys, compliance accelerator and the platform being so user friendly. I think it's gonna be a big time saver for me. I'm excited to get in there and start filling out my sap template that you guys provided me and things like that. So
Zackary Gilman: Yeah. The accelerator will be definitely a big help. Did you kind of want to dive into things or just still wait for Daniel? We can come
Tyler Wainwright: His office is right next door to mine. So let me go poke my head and see if he's having issues.
Zackary Gilman: Yeah, sure.
Tyler Wainwright: So
Tyler Wainwright: Yeah. He's based out on time. So he's joining now.
Zackary Gilman: Okay. No worries.
Tyler Wainwright: No, yeah. He'll be handling the actual implementation how we have it segmented here. So he's kind of the he's the director of it, handles all the infrastructure. So daily patching of servers, networking, things like that. I serve as the the cyber security side of things. So the risk audits, the cyber security audits, compliance side security operations, incident response, things like that. When we're talking about putting PreVeil on to actual workstations, I needed to have the it director here so that he can kind of understand where his part to play in the big picture of compliance comes in.
Zackary Gilman: Yeah, definitely. And it looks like he's joining right now. So we should be all set to go. Hey, Daniel. Good afternoon.
Daniel Coate: All right. I'm here. Sorry about that. Task run over a little bit.
Zackary Gilman: Yeah, yeah. No worries. Me and Tyler, we're just getting acquainted here, but we can just kind of kick things off. My name is Zack from the customer success team here at PreVeil.
Zackary Gilman: This call today is relatively straightforward. It's just gonna be sort of to introduce you to myself go over some next steps as well as dive into some resources here at your disposal at PreVeil. But I always like to kick off these calls. Tyler, give me a little bit of background in terms of what you guys do and why you chose PreVeil. But just kind of wanted to hear obviously Tyler brought up that you guys were looking at a couple of different solutions, but kind of what brought you to PreVeil. Although you did mentioned that it's part of the depart contracts, but just love to hear about what brought you to us and
Tyler Wainwright: Yeah. I was attending a cms webinar from a recent event that was hosted out in BC and established some industry contacts and colleagues that are kind of doing the same compliance route that we're on. And your name was brought up as a potential solution to look into. So naturally my curiosity brought me to your website. I started looking at, kind of what that all entailed working with PreVeil versus going. The GCC, High route which our previous compliance contractor was trying to push us down and started looking at pricing, things like that. And it all kind of clicked and made sense for me. I scheduled a demo for a product showcase and after seeing kind of how the back end works and how it bolts right into outlook and the user the usability for our users was unparalleled. It would be infinitely less complex than any other solution I've seen so far, which is great for us because it's really easy to train users on your system, like incredibly easy. And then when you guys started talking about your provided documentation for compliance you provide a 80% filled out sap you automatically attest to I think 101 out of the 110 nest 100 one, 71 controls through PreVeil, things like that. It seemed like you guys are taking a lot of that work off of my plate, which is what I needed. There was no chance that we were gonna get the SMS stuff done in house. It was just too much and we don't have that in house expertise. That kind of a natural just started looking into and the ball rolled from there. And it was an obvious choice to continue with you guys, especially given your pricing.
Zackary Gilman: Yeah, definitely. That's super helpful. Context just to understand where you guys are coming from. And then in terms of your licenses, it looks like you guys have the 10 licenses with the 2 admin console, the accelerator and the same connector, if that's correct.
Tyler Wainwright: Yep. Yep. So we have a Splunk scheme that we're in the process of standing up. I know that we'll have to for cms purposes, maintain, kind of event logs and audit logs and things like that. So I wanted to get that connector purchased. The 10 user licenses is just your floor. We wanted to do less since we know we're gonna be in there doing administrative setup for a while. But I was told by your sales team that 10 was the lowest amount of seats you could offer. We have those 10 seats, they probably won't see any use for a while. Admittedly, it's gonna take us a while to get this product deployed and continue pushing forward with the cms efforts. It's kind of a monster as I'm sure, you know. But yeah.
Zackary Gilman: Yeah. No, it's definitely a big overhaul. Definitely a lot to do in terms of the cms environment. But just kind of diving into sort of the next steps from here. So obviously, you got that welcome email, the one that you used the link to book this call with the next step would just be sort of getting your org setup. So I'm not sure if you had a chance to go in there and download the actual per Val platform. But that would be kind of the next step in terms of getting your org setup. And then you'd be able to from there invite your users through the PreVeil platform. The
Tyler Wainwright: Only portal I've been into so far was your compliance portal. I have not actually set the org up or anything like that.
Zackary Gilman: Okay. Yeah. No worries. I've as you've already seen, those are 2 different systems. So you're able to get into the compliance accelerator able to do work in there without having to set up PreVeil yet. But whenever you get a chance or whenever is most convenient for you go ahead and set up that org. And then you can book our that onboarding call would be that the next step after getting the org setup. The setup it's relatively simple, it's about a 5 10 minute download. And then we just ask you do that. So you're not having to wait on a call for it to download. And then you have an hour long call with our technical onboarding team, kind of go over the admin console, go over the ins and outs of PreVeil. Usually we'll take over your screen and kind of show you know, what recovery groups look like. Different features like that. No rush on getting that squared away quite yet, but just wanted to note that would be sort of the natural next step in terms of getting your org. Setup and then doing the onboarding call.
Tyler Wainwright: Team. Yeah, that was something I was looking forward to as you guys sales team informed me that you guys do that guided onboarding. So you can not be sweating bullets while you're deploying it going. Am I doing this right? Yeah.
Zackary Gilman: No. And they're really good about it. I mean, I've shadowed quite a few of those calls and the really technical be able to answer any questions that come up as well as also kind of take over and show you that. Yup. And
Tyler Wainwright: Mitel, that'll be Daniel code. Who's in the call right now. He'll be doing the actual deployment onto our infrastructure and things like that. So I'm sure he'll have some questions and all that, but yeah. It's an awesome service. You guys have
Zackary Gilman: Yeah. So that'll be the third link. So whenever you're ready, feel free to schedule that. They should have some times available for whenever you guys are ready to go. And then compliance accelerator access. I believe Tyler, you said you've you've already got access to that, correct?
Tyler Wainwright: Yep. And then I invited we're working with a third party contractor. Brian is or do and I did get him invited as well, to come on and assist me on the on this whole cms push. So
Zackary Gilman: Okay. Perfect. Did you send me over Brian's email? Did I give him access to that already? I believe he.
Tyler Wainwright: Probably should I think, yeah. If I if memory serves I think we did. I have that brief exchange.
Zackary Gilman: Right. Now, Brian got access to that. Perfect. So you and Brian should both have access, you're able to have up to 3 people in there at one time? if you ever did want to
Tyler Wainwright: Invite as well.
Zackary Gilman: Daniel. Yep. Okay. Perfect. So after this, I'll put in Daniel to that system. We should see an invite from our learning management system after this. Just some quick resources to note a couple of emails, no need to write this down. This would be in my follow up email, but a couple of emails just for you guys to note is support at PreVeil.com. That's for obviously any support or technical related issues. Sending them an email will automatically create a ticket as well. You're able to follow that along, make sure that they're keeping on top of it and your issues getting solved as well as compliance at PreVeil.com for any compliance related issues. Feel free to shoot them over an email. Those are great for, maybe just a little one off questions. Anything more complex that you feel needs a zoom call. The compliance accelerator does come with 6 30 minute sessions with our compliance team. So feel free to take use of those. Our compliance team has seen pretty much any scenario. You can imagine in terms of the compliance based, especially cms. So definitely feel free to use those as you wish. People use them for different reasons, scoping their CI or making sure that they're doing things right in terms of documentation or maybe when it gets closer to an assessment. You lean on this one more, but just something to note. And that can be booked either. I'll share their direct calendar link.
Zackary Gilman: I can also be booked through the compliance accelerator under additional compliance resources.
Tyler Wainwright: So just just out of curiosity. I know you said we had 6 30 minute sessions with your compliance team. Does that how do you guys handle like like e mail in questions to your compliance team? if I'm filling out some documentation and I'm wondering, hey, is is your guys' encryption hips compliant? Is that going to count against my 6 30 minute sessions for them to write me an email reply?
Zackary Gilman: Or no, no. Not at all. So those that those are super easy questions to answer. So anything through email won't count against your 30 minute sessions. Those would be specific sessions that you book. It'll be like through calendar book a zoom meeting. Okay. So so those would be very specific and you'll you'll know when you're using them. Okay.
Zackary Gilman: And then the only other thing like I said, this call is very straightforward. So the only thing on my plate is just to schedule you guys for a 90 day check in. So I believe at this point we're looking at the second week of April. So usually I just put down a time probably be 1:00 o'clock for the 15th of April. But if that doesn't work as it gets closer, feel free to change it around can always adhere to your schedules.
Zackary Gilman: That's kind of for
Tyler Wainwright: For Wednesday, the 15th April, 1:00 pm, is that mountain time?
Zackary Gilman: So it would be I guess 11 it's 11 for 11 15 for you guys, right now. Yep. So it would be the same time, so 11 15. But I'll send over an invite as well after this.
Zackary Gilman: Just to make sure everything squared away. So yeah, it'll be for that time, but like I said, if it gets closer to it and it doesn't work out, feel free to change things around can always adhere to your schedules.
Zackary Gilman: That's kind of it for my spiel. Want to make sure I can open things up or answer any questions or any concerns right off the bat. I'll send a follow up email with everything that we talked about as well as the resources that you've got available to you. But and I'll also obviously add Daniel to the compliance accelerator, but I want to make sure if there's any questions or anything. I can address it right off the bat.
Tyler Wainwright: So one thing that I want to get I'd like to get Daniel caught up to speed because during the evaluation phase and things like that, he was not involved in the product demos or anything like that. He hasn't really had a chance to see your product. Um
Tyler Wainwright: I I was going to ask if you could book a time for us to have a kind of a product demo for a wider audience. I mean, Daniel can be included in that, but I wanted to show it to my actual employees that will be interacting with the UI kind of to give them a sneak peek at. Okay, this is what we're working towards. This is the platform that you can expect to be using in the future for c._i just to kind of ease their minds because I think this whole cms thing has been stressful for them as well because they know that there's big changes coming and your platform is so intuitive and easy to use that. I just I really like to see that. Have them see what to expect out of that.
Zackary Gilman: Yeah. There's a couple of ways we can go about it about this. I could either send over like, a recorded demo or we do offer end user training. That would be with our support team. Kind of go deeper into the actual how an end user would use it and you'd be able to invite your employees. Would either one of those work. I could also try and figure out a live demo for you guys, but we do have recorded ones as well as the end user training. Um
Tyler Wainwright: If you feel yeah. That's the yeah. The live demo was kind of what I was imagining where I can just get kind of the department heads into a room. That will be interacting with the UI and Daniel and have you kind of throw up the the product on screen and walk through? Okay, this is what the email platform looks like, here's how it ties into outlook. This is how you'd access a shared drive that would house the UI. And I've seen that demo before I know it's relatively straightforward. And then since it's just the gonna be the end users, they wouldn't need to know anything about the compliance side or the the actual technical breakdowns and how the encryption Works. It would just be a product showcase, essentially.
Zackary Gilman: Okay. So would you want to do the end user training or try and set up the live demo end user training is gonna be a little bit more, obviously, on the technical side. But if you wanted just like an overview, we could set up something.
Tyler Wainwright: Different yeah. Just just an overview would be great. Just so that they know what's coming down the pipeline kind of what they can expect out of that platform.
Zackary Gilman: Yeah, sure. What I can do after this is I'll send over a recorded one just so you have one in time and then I'll check with the team on if they've got some availability for like, a live demo overview. Awesome.
Tyler Wainwright: Yeah, that'd be great.
Zackary Gilman: Anything else that I can help with while we're still on this call?
Tyler Wainwright: I will open the floor up to Daniel if you have any questions.
Daniel Coate: No. No, I don't not at this time. Everything sounds pretty straightforward. Easy enough to understand. Once we get our hands on everything, I might have additional questions, but you know, with having these contacts, I don't see any issues.
Zackary Gilman: Great. Great. Well, yeah. You'll have my email. Anytime any questions come up? I'll obviously send over the follow up email to you both and Daniel will be getting an invite to the compliance accelerator. But yeah, like I said, I'm your point of contact from here on out. So feel free to shoot over any questions that come up anything. I can always route it to the right team if you're not sure where to go or if you have any just general questions. Feel free to shoot me over an email. Always the best way to reach me. But yeah, you'll receive a couple of different things. For me will be the follow up email. Tyler, I'm gonna look to see if we can do a live demo for you and then Daniel receive the compliance accelerator invite. But yeah, that's pretty much it for me. There's no other questions. I appreciate your guys' time and it was great to meet both of you.
Tyler Wainwright: Awesome. So we'll just wait for that link to come through to schedule kind of a guided implementation session and get that deployed to maybe a few workstations and start testing it out.
Zackary Gilman: Yep. So my follow up email will have the link to get your org started, get the onboarding call started. I'll do some digging to see if we can get you guys in for a live demo for your end users. And then Daniel received the invite to the accelerator as well. Cool.
Tyler Wainwright: Sounds good. Thank you for your time today, Zach. Yeah.
Zackary Gilman: Thank you very much. I appreciate it. Yeah, have a great rest of your day guys.
Tyler Wainwright: You too. Bye.