Account: Black Box
Call Date: 2026-02-13
Duration: 00:27:04
Participants: Zackary Gilman, Jason Pape, John Hickey, Aravind Grandhi

======================================================================

Aravind Grandhi: Hi, jack. Good morning.
Zackary Gilman: Hello. Hey Jason. Good morning.
Aravind Grandhi: Hi. Hi, Jason.
Jason: Hello, bye. Sorry about that minute late.
Zackary Gilman: No worries. Are we waiting for anybody else? I saw a few people had gotten the invite on your end.
Jason: I spread the invite around. But same time. I think that Aravind and I will be the 2 primary people. So I think we're good.
Zackary Gilman: Okay. Perfect. Let me check with the
Aravind Grandhi: Yeah.
Jason: Sure. I mean
Jason: So in the end hi, Zach. I'm Jason. I'm part of the I'm actually part of the Black Box cyber security team and is part of the server team. We are not going to be the primary users of this. But as with any, we do consider this to be going to be a enterprise level application. So we were hoping to make sure it gets implemented correctly and then we will and we'll still maintain have AI think each one one from each of our teams will have admin access to help with the policies and the configurations. But then the business side will be the ones actually using
Zackary Gilman: Perfect. Yep, that makes total sense. Do we want to wait for Aravind? Or do you want to get things?
Jason: So I guess here since arvin went to go see if his boss as the head of the infrastructure team is gonna join in or not. So I think that's what he's doing real quick. So I guess we can give one minute here.
Zackary Gilman: Okay. Sure. I mean, this meeting should be relatively straightforward. Anyways. I saw Raj had asked about migrating from ignite as well. We can go
Jason: Over that as well. That'll be more for yeah. That's more for the business side, I think more so than us.
Zackary Gilman: Yeah. More for the business side and it's more for onboarding call as well. But I'll be sure to bring that up, right? If he joins.
Aravind Grandhi: Jack, can you please give me like 2 minutes, I'm checking with him.
Jason: Yeah, sure. Speaking
Jason: So where are you based out of Zach?
Zackary Gilman: I'm based out of Boston. It looks like race is joining right now. Okay. How are you guys out of
Jason: All over the place. Raj and arvin are both out of Bangalore and I'm out of Dallas.
Zackary Gilman: Oh, okay. Awesome. My mom grew up in Dallas. So I'm pretty familiar with that area.
Zackary Gilman: Welcome Roger.
Rajavarthanan Milton: Good morning. Hi, Jason. I'm sorry. I was running late. Yeah.
Jason: No worries.
Zackary Gilman: No worries at all. You didn't miss much, but welcome. I don't believe is this everyone for the call? Just want to make sure well.
Jason: Again there might be some others that join in. But I think that these the people that are on the call now are the only ones that are necessary for the moment.
Zackary Gilman: Sure. I can let anybody else if they come in. But hi, my name is Zack. I'm from the customer success team here at PreVeil. This call should be really straightforward. It's really just to go over sort of some next steps here at PreVeil some resources here at your disposal and I'll be able to answer any questions that come up as well. But it was like, they kind of these calls just hear a little bit from you guys and what brought you to PreVeil. Probably in the realm of dot compliance or some sort of compliance, but would just love to hear from you guys on on what brought you to us.
Jason: Sure. I'm playing middleman on us. So we have as you kind of alluded to a few minutes ago. We have a group that's currently using a software called a solution called ignite for multiple purposes and while it is doing the job, it is not doing the job that well. And they have a lot of limitations in terms of as many in terms of both licensing and configurations, limitations whatnot. And they came to us saying that looking for a new solution that needed that did require it level. Compliance and we found you and had discussions at least the initial demos of the calls worked and so moving forward.
Zackary Gilman: Perfect. Well, great to hear. And then in terms of the package, you guys got in terms of licenses, it looks like you have the 8 licenses, 2 of those being admin console and then another 2 being user plus admin console, if that sounds correct.
Jason: Yes. The as again, as mentioned already the for the most part the infrastructure team will end up and my team will end up using a couple of those admin licenses for being able to maintain and manage the configurations and security policies and those kinds of things and monitoring aspects. But then the for the most part after that the rest is gonna be business side just their usage.
Zackary Gilman: Right. Yeah. No, that makes total sense. And then just kind of going into the next steps from from here, have you guys had a chance at all to download PreVeil and get your organization?
Jason: We have not done any. The only thing we've done is we have a PO in place. So we haven't done anything.
Rajavarthanan Milton: So Jason after the PO has been shared and we have also signed this agreement signed and Eric has triggered this document and all those has been completed. So now what exactly the support that's where I reached out to Eric on the couple of days before, right? Zack that we need to know next steps we need to onboard with provide and we need to get our users on boarded. And we need to do now, what next we need to do from our end and our objective is also to have the data that we have in ignite today, which the team is using to be migrated here. So is there a migration strategy or tools that you guys have that will work well with ignite? All those things we need to explore and work out the next steps quickly?
Zackary Gilman: Yes. So in terms of migration that'll be addressed on the on boarding call. So after this the next steps would just be to first install, PreVeil, get your organization setup. And then from there, you're able to book your onboarding call. So that'll be a call sort of going over the full admin console. And then from there they'll they can talk through data migration specifically from ignite. And that'll probably they'll have some time for next week if you guys wanted to book your onboarding call. That's probably what you're looking for in terms of next steps.
Jason: So in terms of the getting it installed and configured, right? I mean, I obviously I'm sure Aravind can do a download and install itself, but that part, but I would like to make sure that and I are may may not need it, but I'm go ahead and request in just in case. I know that one of the things we want to do is make it so compatible. And I at least based on what I've understood that was is done through like an Azure agent ID type of setup. So but I'm not sure if we have done that particular method before. So I wanted to make sure that somebody technical was involved to help us make sure that part piece is done correctly.
Zackary Gilman: Yeah. That'd be great to address on the on boarding call. So the implementation the installation piece is super straightforward. It's really just downloading PreVeil to your device. And then from there you feel free to stop and just wait for the onboarding call and they can kind of take you through the rest of the process in terms of getting you guys set up.
Jason: Roles, I guess, confirm, when you say to your device, we are we talking each individual user doing it or if we talk, are we talking about like, the centralized server piece that then we you know, download and push agents to end users or something like that?
Zackary Gilman: Yeah. You as yourself, whoever is gonna be the initial admin, is able to to install PreVeil men from there, you're able to invite the users to the PreVeil platform. So
Rajavarthanan Milton: I understand it's only the admins needs to install this agent or all the users who will also use the platform should have this agent installed.
Zackary Gilman: The users will need to to install PreVeil at some point but not necessary for the onboarding call. But yeah, in terms of using PreVeil, they'll need to install it in order to to gain access to the desktop version of PreVeil.
Jason: So Raj, just to let you know, the nobody from the customer side has to install the only only the users from the Black Box side will have to do the install. Yeah.
Rajavarthanan Milton: I got it. So one more question is jack say in the our offering package. We see 3 type of licenses. We have, right? One is 8 user license, we have and 2 admin console license. And then there is another one user license plus admin console to. So this admin console license is the super user, right? We should be the super admin entirely. Is that right? Understanding or probably let me share my screen.
Zackary Gilman: Yeah. I would assume whatever you talk through with Eric in terms of the super users. Um
Zackary Gilman: It looks like, yeah, you got the 8 regular 2 admin consoles and then the 2 users plus the
Jason: Right. The overall rate the way that it was simply because that Eric added in to for the most part, 2 free admin accounts into our offer. That's all that is we could and um, the assumption is that we will will be using a couple of those admin or at least 2 of those admins for me and say me and Aravind. And then me for doing the security policy side and Aravind for doing the configurations and setup side. And we might use a third admin for, I guess if you want to have a backup for Aravind. And then after that we might we should probably allow one admin to be from the business side. John hickey or one of those guys from the business side. So they can do their configuration business side configurations from there.
Rajavarthanan Milton: Okay. And I got it Jason and jack in in other way. If I put it since it's a user license per admin console, it could be 10 users I can have and only 2 it means or I could have 4 admins and I can have 8 users. Is that the way that metrics works?
Zackary Gilman: Yeah. It looks like the way this is built out with Eric. Yeah. It looks like you have the 2 admin plus the user. So you have rate, 8 regular user licenses. And then 2 of those user licenses are admin console licenses. And then you have 2 on top of that Jason just described those 2 extra ones. That Eric.
Rajavarthanan Milton: Thanks, jack. So Jason from a user perspective, anyway, we'll drop a note after this meeting to John Kiki and team to share the list of people that who needs to be onboarded with the PreVeil from their team and from for now from an admin perspective one you should be and one should be Aravind. That's where we will keep it up. And I will nominate the backup for even though as we move forward. And if there is anything that the business ask for any one more person to be admin, then we will set it up further that we will decide in our internal calls with John and team.
Jason: That's sounds what I was expecting. So thank you.
Rajavarthanan Milton: Yeah. Okay. So now then this migration how much time it will take jack because why I'm asking this is we have some hot time that we need really come out with ignite where we don't want to continue. So we have a very short period. I know you said that next week we could do what we really wanted to do it on a fast track and for us to get the necessary users on boarded and then how to do the migration of the current things also to be done at the quickest space.
Zackary Gilman: Yeah. I wouldn't be able to give you an exact timeline of in terms of the data migration. The support team would be able to give you a better answer once they're able to see how many gigabytes or terabytes of data you have. I wouldn't be able to give you an exact timeline just because that's the data migration piece is managed by our support team. But I can definitely mention it to them that you guys are looking to migrate from ignite and they can bring it up on on their call. Just wouldn't want to tell you the wrong thing in terms of timeline.
Rajavarthanan Milton: Okay. Understood.
Jason: Well, we'll focus on getting the configurations in place and then they can migrate data as quick as they can. So, yeah.
Rajavarthanan Milton: So
Zackary Gilman: Straightforward.
Rajavarthanan Milton: Yeah. And jack, is there a base that instruction with Jason and avi can digest how to install the client for them and how to get themselves faster prepared for getting themselves onboarded as an admin into the system? Do we have some materials? And is there any materials for users? We could circulate? Okay. This is how PreVeil works. This is what the features in PreVeil. Please go through this kind of a material. Is there something material you guys go? Which we can circulate and flash it with our teams?
Zackary Gilman: Yeah. So within my welcome email was I'll send this again in my follow up as well was a link to first. It's gonna take you step by step instructions on installing PreVeil and then it has kind of the access to our full learning software that will take you through different a different end user trainings and a lot of different resources there. But I'll re share that as well at at the end of this call. So you guys have it handy.
Jason: I appreciate it. And yes, you did send something I fully admit that I'm working on 15 different projects right now. And so that one kind of fell through the cracks. But yeah, if you can send it again for me, I would definitely work with our vendor.
Rajavarthanan Milton: I seen that coming so. You received it Jason already because I haven't seen any one one e mail and one invite only. I saw from Zack. Yeah.
Jason: Let me go back either way. If you can send it again. That would be appreciated. Yeah.
Zackary Gilman: I'll send it again to to everybody that have on this invite. You guys will have it handy as well. But that'll take you through instructions in terms of installing PreVeil. And then we'll give you some some helpful guidelines in terms of the actual end user, part of it as well.
Aravind Grandhi: Jack what about the credentials to log in? Like so initial registration will be like, we can reset the password and we will be able to log in automatically or like, how it would be
Zackary Gilman: Yes. The way PreVeil works is there is no passwords associated with it. So as soon as you download PreVeil onto your device you'll essentially use that to unlock into the PreVeil system. The instructions will take you through downloading it onto the device. And then from there, you'll go about pretty much a regular process as you would set up any account. And I'll kind of take you through that and you know, you'll be able to to log in through that way. Because the way PreVeil works is it decry onto the device and there's no passwords associated with it.
Aravind Grandhi: Oh, I thought
Jason: My understanding again, that's this where I was told something like that. But I was told it was it did the authentication if you will through the agent ID process. And that's what I was talking about. The just trying to confirm that part, right? The so authentication is because of through that agent ID, correct?
Zackary Gilman: Yeah. It's because it's you guys are talking about the one through Azure correct?
Zackary Gilman: I believe you mentioned that.
Rajavarthanan Milton: Before application proxy in Azure. But Jason what I would suggest is considering the timeline, we need to quickly come out also with the ignite. I'm gonna speak with them also for today. But first let's onboard and keep the business moving I think so. Can be configured as we travel in this path of completely getting things done. Because I don't want this so for any challenges to get starting our onboarding of the business teams into the PreVeil.
Jason: I apologize. My internet is I finished my question. My internet job for 30 seconds there. So I apologize. But uh
Rajavarthanan Milton: Yeah. Okay. Yeah, yeah. You are audible. So what I was telling is say this so configuration, definitely we need to achieve it and any new. So configurations moving forward, I think we need to take virus approval, which he had told. I will speak with you on that separately today. But what I'm telling is Jason this so configuration we will do, but at least first let's over focus to be to migrate or set up the business users first into the PreVeil system. And on a parallel track. We will work with enabling the. So so for PreVeil application
Jason: Right. Okay. Thank you. Yeah. That will definitely do that. So and I found the document I know he's sending it to is it again, but I found that email and I forward and you were already in that email as well. Raj but
Rajavarthanan Milton: I forward to you. Yeah, this email was it's a document. So that's what I asking.
Jason: Same with me. So I said I got go back and redo some of myself.
Zackary Gilman: Okay. Yeah, no worries. And then just something to note on that instructions, it'll start with a little video, but if you scroll past that, it'll take you to instructions as well. Some people get hung up on the 30 minute video, but feel free to scroll past that as you get started. Anything any other questions? while I
Aravind Grandhi: As you guys
Aravind Grandhi: Yes. Jack I have one question for this onboarding and migration, right? Is there any particular team they're going to help us or a particular person?
Zackary Gilman: Will be through our yeah. Our technical support team will handle that call. The same way that Jason book this call. I'll re share a link for a calendar with our onboarding team. So the same way that he booked this call, you'll book it with the onboarding team and you'll get routed to a specific person who will take you through the
Jason: Full console. So okay. We have to initiate that. It's not like you hand us off to the next group or something.
Zackary Gilman: No, it's just a calendar book link that I'll share after this. You're able to book it on on your own time.
Jason: Okay. I do that. But sorry, compare, you just said you're gonna share that. It's not this that onboarding one is in that email or that onboarding calendar is in that email or one you're
Zackary Gilman: Gonna yeah. It's in the first email, but I'm gonna resend it as well again after this. So you guys have it handy for you?
Aravind Grandhi: Jack, I have like, one more question over there. Is there any particular person? Can you assign like that so that it will be easy for us to communicate directly and he will be
Rajavarthanan Milton: What they are saying is we need to follow a calendar link, which they're gonna share and book an appointment with the support team and the support team member whoever gets assigned for that call will join in. And then after that would be the person who will be working and interacting with to get the onboarding totally.
Aravind Grandhi: All but my question is support team is Raj. I am thinking every time we raise a ticket some other person will pick it up, right? Where available in the
Rajavarthanan Milton: Think so. How I see their organizational structure is jack you could characters. So for us account manager or a sales manager perspective, or go to guy would we are always Eric and you'd be our customer success manager. Anything and everything. We see a challenge with support perspective. We're gonna fall back on you and anything that from a technical support perspective, we will learn more from your technical support team. Is that gonna be a specific contact or is a different ways, but at least until we complete the onboarding dedicated or nominated guy would be working along with this. Is that understanding correct?
Zackary Gilman: Correct. So yeah, I'll be your main point of contact for anything and everything here PreVeil. As soon as you book that onboarding call, you'll be working with one person from our support team throughout that onboarding call. So that's an hour long call. After that, you'll be any support or technical related issues. We have a team of support that'll kind of round Robin I handle your technical issues as they come up, but I'll always be in the loop in terms of you guys. Because I'll be your customer success manager from here on out. Okay.
Zackary Gilman: Any other questions that I can help address as you guys get started? the only other thing I have to note is just that there is a support.com email. So sending them an email will automatically create a ticket as well as a manual ticketing system. So I'll share that as well after this call, just so you guys have it handy.
Jason: The one last thing because as I kind of mentioned, so Aravind will end up being the I guess we would say the main super admin if you will. Because he's from the infra side, right? And main configuration, I my role is gonna be more of the security policies afterwards, right? is it arvin needs to set up for his first and then he needs to invite me and then I do it even though I'm gonna be an admin as well? Or do we each one of us go ahead and download and install it? Or what's that process?
Zackary Gilman: Yeah, you can both go ahead and download and install it. That'll just give you the admin console. So you're able to whoever is gonna be first will have the admin console either way, because then you're able to invite users. But if you're both gonna be admins at some point it doesn't matter in terms of who downloads it or first or if you both do it. Totally up to you.
Jason: Okay. And does it have to be there's AI mean, do we have to put in a like a key or a license number? something to say that we
Zackary Gilman: Yeah, per hour. So there's there's as you go through the instructions. It'll take you to a page first to download PreVeil and then it'll give you a specific link or that you paste into your browser that gives you know, the full access to PreVeil. That'll all be in the instructions as well. It's very clear in terms of the steps you need to take.
Jason: Okay. Because at the email that I see I'm looking at right now, I just said, hey you click here for the onboarding guide and click here to for the uh
Jason: For the support team who will assist you, but I don't see anything we talked about.
Zackary Gilman: It'd be under step 2. It says to do this. You can get started using your own instructions here. And that'll take you to the page in
Jason: Terms of so the pay so the link to get to the key is inside those instructions, not in this email. Okay. Okay. That's where
Zackary Gilman: For something in the email. Okay. I don't know that'll give you the full instructions in terms of getting you set up for the organization for PreVeil.
Jason: Sounds good. So arvin, I'll let you do the initial one. And then you can I guess text me whenever you get completed and then I'll follow through and do the same thing that way that it just you'll you can initiate the main page and then I'll log into it after that work for you, sir.
Aravind Grandhi: Okay. Jason, but I did not receive
Rajavarthanan Milton: That email that I will forward you that email.
Zackary Gilman: And I'll send it all to you again, after this call as well. You'll receive an email from me. You'll have the instructions handy.
Rajavarthanan Milton: Okay.
Rajavarthanan Milton: One question for me is that say from when our licenses will be activated at the moment when they set up their admin console, is that the day one from where our licenses get started or is it as we see in the signed agreement? I could see 12.
Rajavarthanan Milton: February, it's mentioned yesterday yesterday. I got signed by both and I just want to take a confirmation on that one.
Zackary Gilman: Yeah. It's whatever your contract says in terms of the start date for the contract, so you guys have had access since you got the welcome email. You have full access to PreVeil as it stands, but yeah, it's whenever that contract says, which I believe is
Rajavarthanan Milton: Okay.
Zackary Gilman: I see. Yeah, it's today or I guess 2 days ago or yesterday, actually. Yeah. Yeah. You guys have had full access but just have to install it to get yourself started.
Rajavarthanan Milton: Okay. Got it.
Zackary Gilman: Anything else?
Rajavarthanan Milton: No. So one question to Jason us say anyway, this is an in Caleb file that we need to do, right? A few people like you and then 38 users. Do you think from our internal process perspective, do we need to have any ticket raised with cyber to give a good to get this installation done or how do
Jason: I think the fact that we're already on this call, I think we're good.
Rajavarthanan Milton: Sorry. Say that again.
Jason: I think the fact is we're both in agreement on this that and we already we've already done all of our approvals. So I think we're fine.
Rajavarthanan Milton: Okay. Fine. Okay. Good. Okay.
Zackary Gilman: Anything else that I can help address?
Jason: This point in time. I don't think so. Thank you very much.
Zackary Gilman: Okay. You've received a couple of things for me. First will be just a follow up email that I talked about detailing the resources as well as those links to get started with PreVeil. I'll also send over an invite for a 90 day check in call. So that'll be a placeholder for us to check in 90 days from now. I'll send over a relatively the same time for that second week of May. And as it gets closer to it, feel free to change it around if you guys need to. That'll just be a placeholder for us to check in make sure things are going smoothly. But like I said, I'll be your point of contact here at PreVeil. So if anything comes up or if you have any questions, feel free to shoot over an email. I'm always happy to hop on a call or direct you towards the right team here. But I look forward to working with you guys and yeah, just let me know if anything comes up as you guys get started.
Jason: Thank you very much, sir. Yeah.
Zackary Gilman: Thank you all. Hope you have a great rest of your day. Thank you. Your screen.