Account: Builders FirstSource
Call Date: 2026-01-14
Duration: 00:29:01
Participants: Andrew Meggs, Lisa Winzenburg, Keith Furlong, Corey Milligan, James Kuzma, Robert Eachus

======================================================================

corey . milligan: So
corey . milligan: Hi.
corey . milligan: Builders first source.
Andrew Meggs: I'm sorry. Who hello? Who is this on the phone again?
corey . milligan: Is yes, this Andrew
Andrew Meggs: Yes.
corey . milligan: Okay. Yes. Hi Andrew. This is James. Come with Builders first source.
Andrew Meggs: Hi James, sorry. You were you just broke up for a second there at the beginning. So that's why I didn't hear you.
corey . milligan: Yeah. In Alaska. And today's not been the best day for me. I've got a septic tank that's completely frozen. We've got a foot of powder of snow dumping at the moment and I got the septic guy trying to clear the pipes right now. So if you can hear generator running, it's going loud, but just has has has to happen on the days that we have these meetings, right?
Andrew Meggs: So, yeah. Yeah.
corey . milligan: I'm expecting some other folks to be joining this call, but I might need to step away and stuff to run water and that sort of thing because I'm trying to get the 6. So
Andrew Meggs: Okay. Well, it looks like Corey is also on the call. But yeah, I appreciate you hopping on even if you do have to hop off there after a little while. Um
Andrew Meggs: The main thing I wanted to to go over on this call was just making sure that all PreVeil actual organization got created. It looks like the admin account hasn't been set up yet. So I'm not sure who would be the one to do that, but that was kind of that was going to be the yeah.
corey . milligan: Yeah. Let me explain. So right now this hasn't even been approved yet. So we're not gonna build anything out until they approve it. They need to talk to their upper management here in Alaska. I know we purchased the software, but I'm not gonna build out anything until I get the okay. Just makes no sense right. We want to make sure we have everything in alignment. So that way we're in compliance because there's there's still a lot of unanswered questions with that. I mean, Robert is the appointed secondary admin, but he just he doesn't have any knowledge of this until I told him that we need a second admin and we weren't even aware until we did the workshop. So there there there's that part of it. Once we get that confirmed with the upper management at the Alaska site location. So when you start building that out, one of the things though that came up that I'm concerned about is the historical data that needs to be migrated from our from our servers. So that part I wanted to get with you to find out. If there is documentation on doing that and how we could possibly plan for that.
Andrew Meggs: Sure. Yeah. So basically, depending on how much data you have to move our support whenever the everything is set up, our support team can help with that. We have like an in house file migration tool that we can use to help set up or rather move all the data over to your PreVeil instance.
corey . milligan: Gotcha. Because these the customers in Alaska have been doing a lot of their own data backup, which I would have to confirm, but I'm pretty certain it's like, a 10 year period of historical data that they've been having and I don't know how much of that needs to be actually migrated which is a lot. So I was hoping they would join the call that would be Keith and Lisa that have the answer to those questions. And then Robert is supposed to be joining us, hopefully. But yeah.
Keith Furlong: So morning, guys?
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. So so Keith Keith and Corey are on this call.
corey . milligan: Oh, okay. Gotcha. Cool.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. So hi Keith hi Corey. Hi. As James was saying. Yeah, it sounds like the the approval hasn't been received yet for setting this up. But I guess Keith do you know off hand how much data you're going to be moving once it's approved?
Andrew Meggs: Um
Keith Furlong: I started as a folder. Just start storing all of our co stuff and I've moved some into the one folder, trying to get it all into one place. Um
Keith Furlong: How big is that folder?
corey . milligan: So let me ask you this Andrew. Even if the only thing we're looking at doing right now is trying to gather what's been discovered around existing UI data that may be out there that they wanna that we want to aggregate into a secure space if that space is. Um
corey . milligan: Is gonna be PreVeil then does it. I mean, do we still need to kind of set up that organization and get all that going? Even if the only thing we're gonna do right now is have kind of a repository setup. Because if you're gonna move data there, there's gonna be users that are gonna want to touch that data and you kinda have to break it out for who's is what right?
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. So basically, you'll want to create your folder structure in PreVeil before you even start moving data in there. And then like I was saying our support team can help to do that. But
corey . milligan: When you were talking about setting up our org and doing all that stuff, are those essentially prerequisites to even doing just the moving in of any existing data?
Andrew Meggs: No. You technically don't need to set up your org to start moving data in. You could do it in in the unaffiliated accounts. It's just heavily recommended that you set up the org because without the org setup you wouldn't be able to do like, you can't share.
corey . milligan: Right. I think it's all individuals.
Andrew Meggs: Well, you can share it between people, but there won't be account recovery or like data recovery, abilities. So if someone were to lose access to their account or if there were any issues, you wouldn't be able to recover any of that. Okay. That's why it's recommended that you set up the org first and get the admin setup so that you can do data recovery things.
Keith Furlong: And Corey, yeah. We kind of already have a file folder structure that we use already for project folders. So
corey . milligan: Like in the I drive or whatever it was.
Keith Furlong: Yeah, I don't know if we want to take. Yeah, I mean
corey . milligan: I'm not trying to prescribe what the file structure should look like. I just I know it feels like Andrew kind of set up this call because maybe concerned or just wanted to ask a question around why we hadn't taken certain steps to kind of get everything set up within PreVeil for an organization. And while I agree with James that like, we don't want to waste anybody's time working on something. If the company is gonna come back and say, no, we're not gonna do this sort of thing or whatever the case is. Yeah. We still have a need to try and protect the data that we currently have now, which it sounds like people want to move it in. So I just wanted to make sure that it wasn't a case that we needed to kind of get this org setup as a prerequisite. For example, if we don't and then we say, hey, Keith you have access other people have access. You can go ahead and start moving your data in into whatever folder structures you want. And then later when we go to try to set up the org it's like, okay, great. Now that you're ready to set up, you need to set this up and you need to move all that. It just creates a whole bunch of other work on the back end, right? Whereas if we had set up the org first, we would have already had everything in place and then nothing like once everybody starts moving their data in, even if they come back and you know, whatever the decision from leadership is gonna be. I just I don't want anybody to have to do rework.
corey . milligan: I did all this work, creating these folders and setting all this stuff up. And then once we set up the org, I had to go back and do it all over again kind of thing.
Keith Furlong: Right. Yeah. I got a like a prime example. I got one a bit in for invitation from arc code just yesterday. That's for the can land port of entry. So it's the border cross, right? the engineers estimate is 320 to 360 million dollars and they're using Box. Not Dropbox. I don't think it's Dropbox. It just says Box, I don't know what it is, right. I had to sign a letter of rules of rules of guidelines and sign that. Then they sent me a secure link and then I had to create a user in Box and then I get into the into Box. And then I got all this stuff that pops up in there, but it's password 2 factor authentication password. It says UI all over it. And then when you open up the document, it's got my name, my full name, the date and time as a water stamp all over every page.
corey . milligan: Right. And that's the stuff for normally as you're processing that and creating documents, you end up having to stick it in the drive and then we end up with c._i stuff in the drive.
Keith Furlong: Right. Right.
corey . milligan: And that's why you want to kind of get this set up in PreVeil so that you can continue that work even though most of it's on their end. It sounds like you're signing into their environment, so they're securing the documents. But for the stuff that you're generating, you want to be able to protect it.
Keith Furlong: Correct. Yeah. Because basically what I generate is as they put it's it's the your shopping list for going to the grocery store to bake because it's not necessarily the recipe is being held
corey . milligan: Yeah. It's not the design. So it may be. You could say it's not UI, but we're not ready to make that call yet. We just want to protect it. It's I just in case.
Keith Furlong: Well, yeah, exactly. Because I mean we eventually end up having to
Keith Furlong: Share the floor plan and the hardware schedule with outside entities. You know what I mean? In order for them to do key meetings and stuff like that. How are you gonna key the building? What are you gonna need for this? what that kind of stuff? And it's a it's right now we're sitting on. We're at the beginning of the year and I've already got 2.6 million dollars worth of doors bid out there that you know, that weren't that are cut and we're not protecting it. You know what I mean, right? So
Robert Eachus: And there's there's other problems here too, because if you have the grocery shopping list as you are putting it on the I drive that tells potential bad actors, what tools they need to bring with them to pick the locks to smash down the doors. What product devices they've got to protect it. And then
Keith Furlong: Usually. Yeah, exactly. Because it's like you can assimilate that. Yeah, he's probably gonna be baking a cake, but you don't have the recipe of bake the cake, but you can assume that he's baking a cake. You know what I mean?
Robert Eachus: Right. Exactly. The other thing that's a concern for the federal government and this has been going on for decades is for in actors. Well, we'll just say for in actors like intercepting the building supplies, going to sensitive locations and putting bugs directly into the building supplies because they can't get onto the site to bug the building. So they just bug the building supplies. So I mean, the shipment information back and forth to the sites when we're sending the delivery trucks out. A lot of this is I, you know
corey . milligan: There's there's specific definitions on cus we're kind of rehashing a lot of the stuff that we went over when we were up there in Alaska. And like, rahul said, I mean, we can come back and do another session if there's more more things that we want to go over as far as discussion that needs to be had on this. Sounds like we still like, from the leadership there in Alaska don't have a decision yet on how they want to move forward with this. But the main thing is for the purposes of this meeting, at least in my mind so because Andrew, I know you called this together to kind of figure out what was going on to make sure that we're not kind of wasting our money losing track on something that we've purchased. So I appreciate that. But for this meeting, sounds like we don't need to set up the org. But people can now currently as it's set up, if you have access can go in, start creating their own file structures and storing their data there today.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. So actually point of clarification there. And recommendation that you set up the org. The if you don't set up the org first, anything that you store or I phrase this, the accounts you currently have are floater accounts or test accounts. These are not actually on the AWS gov cloud yet. So that doesn't get done until you create the org and go through the onboarding. So if you're ever going to store any thing that potentially might be UI or anything like that, you're gonna need to
corey . milligan: We need to set up the
Andrew Meggs: Org or create
corey . milligan: The users within that org and then have them start storing their stuff, even if yeah. That's basically what I'm hearing you, right? Okay.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. So so you so like, store answer, you could do it, but it's not on the Gulf cloud, so it's a non compliant.
corey . milligan: If I'm hearing you correctly, there is an element of once the org gets set up, if people have already been storing files there with these accounts that are not associated with the org and then you go to move them in, are they gonna lose that data or they lose their file structure or is it a pretty simple process to migrate that in on whatever accounts associated with your
Andrew Meggs: No. They wouldn't lose their data and they wouldn't lose their file structure, but any any data that they're currently doing they're currently storing on. There isn't on the AWS gov cloud. It's on the AWS commercial cloud. Which okay.
corey . milligan: Being stored to the same standard, correct?
Andrew Meggs: Correct. Yes.
corey . milligan: Okay. And Andrew real quick. I just want to give you an update. So I just talked to Danielle and Randy, our area manager is out for the month. So we most likely won't have an update until mid February, whether or not we're even approving this and using this as our structure. So I just want to make sure you're aware, this is how I foresee this happening is once we get the approval, we'll go ahead and build this out and then mimic what we have that our customers are already using for their folder infrastructure on our I drive. And then once we have that replicated into your guys' database and we can start migrate migrating that data over. But I don't see the building this all out. If we find out mid February that management doesn't want to go with this.
Andrew Meggs: Sure.
corey . milligan: You're saying right now that they're not anybody that has access is not even authorized to store anything out there at the moment.
corey . milligan: Right. Leadership has not even given that guidance. And so are you after me? Yeah. I'm just making sure I'm clarifying what I'm hearing from you. That basically because leadership has not given the go ahead. That users aren't even authorized to store the data in this environment and to Andrew's point even if they did it's not being stored to the standard that I would be stored at because it's not in AWS gov. It's an AWS commercial.
corey . milligan: So so what had happened was Danielle gathered all the details after our workshop to present to upper management and right. She's done some of that. But Randy is the one is just gonna make that call and he's out for a month. So right. That's so it's basically on hold until she can discuss with them because it's not just the technical piece. It's also making sure we have all of the bodies in place to support this moving forward. No, I hear you. I just I feel it feels like there's some people in the field that are looking for answers about to what level they should be using this at all right now. Keith for example he was explaining a situation where what I would say even be
Keith Furlong: Right.
corey . milligan: Because if he starts with an account that hasn't been set up from the admin level, we're gonna have to replicate it down the road as is. And if I build this out now from the admin level, we get comfortable using this. If we find out mid February, we're not then it's just a bunch of wasted time and effort, right? Yeah. Yeah. That's why we just want to kind of hold off. I mean continue doing what they're doing for right now to just make sure that they have to I know where they know it's at because we're gonna have to do a discovery regardless and I don't know what that's gonna look at. Once we get this built out sounds like Keith has already been proactive on getting some of that information, but I know that when we have a vendor come and do a discovery, that's gonna look a lot different than what we've been doing. So just just as a sanity can Keith coming out of the meetings that we had, where we were up there in Alaska with you guys. Um, did you come out of that meeting feeling like that? You're not you're are you using the PreVeil tool today for anything?
Keith Furlong: Not currently.
corey . milligan: Okay. Okay. And then then I got the wrong impression. I thought basically there were some people that were already using it because they figured this is where we were going, but if that's not the case, yeah, it sounds like we're still holding off on that. So that answers my question. I just didn't want to want us to sit here and waste any of your time Andrew. If we're not. We don't have the decisions yet to be able to move forward on it.
Robert Eachus: Okay. It sounds like Lisa was working on this. Is that what I heard? Lisa wise? But
corey . milligan: No, no. Danielle. Danielle 's been in charge of gathering, everything, Daniel Peter. And the one that presented this. She presented it to leadership there and then you said it was who that's gonna come back with the decision, the area managers and John. Randy Johnson. Yeah.
Robert Eachus: Yeah. I mean, we I feel a little awkward. It feels like we've got a user on the call and we don't have the
Robert Eachus: Management that are most key to have here.
corey . milligan: It sounds like we don't have any users on the call because Keith is not using it yet.
Robert Eachus: Well, technically, but you understand what I'm saying a perspective user?
corey . milligan: Right. Well, I think we all came into the meeting thinking that there might be some work to be done as far as getting this set up. But the thing that I know you came in a little bit late James kind of ran down some at the beginning that until like, we don't want users in there using it yet. If leadership is gonna come back and say, no, we're not gonna move forward with this.
Keith Furlong: Yeah. I hope it because it's a huge chunk of change that they're going to be missing out on.
corey . milligan: Yeah. I mean, and I talked to rahul about this to be transparent with you Keith after the meetings and while it is a pain and it's a lot of work to to get after this as you guys saw, he feels like, yeah, there's gonna be enough. Enough meat on the bone for this that leadership is probably gonna decide to move forward with it, but until we get that back then
corey . milligan: We just don't know.
Keith Furlong: What all it doesn't just affect me doing doors and hardware, you got power supplies doing civil work because they got to have the plans to do the civil work. So they have the recipe and the shopping list. You know what I mean? They got both they got you got those specs. You got the blueprints. You got the what materials you're putting down. You got what the building looks like what the security model looks like. You've got all of it so and then you guys
corey . milligan: Right now we have the UI compliance. So at least we do have that a little bit of grace period. But once Randy comes back in with Danielle and we get the approval, then this will be pretty simple going forward. I mean, all I'll need is to identify your I drive structure for your folders and do the discovery and then work with PreVeil in migrating that data and just use that same folder for a shared folder setup for you guys and PreVeil to use. So the system is really simple to use. I'm not too worried about that. We just need to get the okay. Because like I said, we don't want to go and migrate everything to this platform then get told that we're not going to do that and then we're in another predicament. You know what I mean. Yeah.
Robert Eachus: So I mean is it possible to just schedule another meeting with Daniel and sorry. What was the area manager up there?
corey . milligan: Randy, Randy, Randy Johnson. Yeah, yeah.
Robert Eachus: So should we just schedule another call with those two?
corey . milligan: Let's see here. Let me
Keith Furlong: I mean, there's so many different users that'd be doing like, Scott Hans team to be in he's got 2 assistants that do take offs for it. And then Ben stermer is doing take offs. We got so many fingers in the pie as far as looking at specs and blueprints for projects and you know, obviously
Robert Eachus: But I mean, obviously with we got a definitive go ahead to go down that path and leadership that's gonna make that call in the call and it's hard to make any kind of progress whatsoever. So it sounds like we need to get more involvement from them first.
corey . milligan: Well, we've had involvement from them, we went to Alaska for a week and leadership was involved there and they have the situation and when James said Danielle kind of gathered everything together to give them a presentation. It wasn't that they hadn't heard it before that they were there in the room with us and we kind of had a long discussion there, but then she put it together and kind of presented everything to them. And yeah, I mean, it's fair. I need some sort of timeline on when they're gonna come back with the decision. But I don't think getting them in a meeting and like, putting Randy Johnson on the spot to say, okay, what's it gonna be but you know, are we gonna do this or not is gonna be the thing is
Keith Furlong: Randy is a bottom line numbers guy. He's got to like, hey, is it going to the cost that we're gonna put out? Is it gonna be the the cost on the return? You know what I mean?
Robert Eachus: Type deal. I mean, I've got no intention to put them on the spot and ask them what the decision is. No. I know. I think what we need to do is we need to ask him where he's at and if he needs additional information or additional help to get there. Like just let's move the step forward and I do apologize. I wasn't involved in the project before. I've gotten a little bit of a brief on what's gone on so far. I'm a little lost in the sauce, but a little bit tracking. And I think you got
corey . milligan: It down you're saying the same thing we were saying before when we kind of came into it, but we've presented all the information we were there for a whole week. Like I said and they have all the information and from rahul 's perspective, this is on the Alaska market to make this decision because it's not gonna be applied to all of SBS purposely. Because we can't really apply to all of why we bought PreVeil. So but I don't disagree with you though. Yeah, we do need a decision. I just don't know that hey, can we get a call schedule and get Randy in here and get him to kind of give us an update on this? Like
Robert Eachus: No. No, no. I mean, I like I said, I wanted to pull my thought process was. We should pull Randy in and say, hey, where are you at with this? Do you need any help from us? Do you need any more information? is there anything else we can do to assist you? not not so much pushing them for the decision, but let's, you know. No, yeah.
corey . milligan: Yeah. Yeah, yeah. I get it. So
Robert Eachus: Because it seems like
corey . milligan: Daniel, just to ask if we should schedule a future meeting with herself and Randy, so I'll see what she says. Yeah. But yeah, it's just today was just to have the technical staff involved to talk to PreVeil was what I was hoping and making sure we could migrate the data for the discovery part. That was my only concern. And what I wanted to confirm I know there's a lot of articles on getting this stuff built out. I haven't gotten to go over all of that. We've got a lot of other stuff going on, so I haven't gotten a dedicated time on that, but we will once we get the okay, then we can get that stuff done. So it's not a problem.
Robert Eachus: So so this is more only focused on the discovery side. And then, so we've got to figure out all the past projects that we've been involved with that might fall into this bucket. And then we've got to go through some sort of discovery process to identify which records are in and out of scope, right?
corey . milligan: Yeah. But that would be I would rob once we get the approval, then we can start with the admin side of things and getting these accounts built for those users and then do the folder infrastructure. Make sure that's all done. And then that'd be the first step. And we'll worry about the discovery. I mean yeah, I
Robert Eachus: I feel like I'm getting better synced up with everything and where it's at and what this call is on and everything else. So I appreciate all the explanations from everybody. But yeah, I'm tracking now that this was the conversation more about figuring out where we're at with discovery, but we kind of thought we might already have a thumbs up by this point. Was that? Yeah, yeah.
corey . milligan: Honestly, yeah. We did think that because this was when was this was first week of December. Went up there. So I mean, it's been over a month at this point a month and a half. And there's been holidays and everything else. So I guess still a little bit of trying to give them some grace period, but Keith 's got a point business is happening. The thing that I would raise and Andrew, sorry, for kinda hijacking your meeting and making you listen in, but these companies or these entities, whether they're government or not, that are reaching out to you guys Keith and having you bid on stuff or, you know
corey . milligan: They have a responsibility or they should to make sure that whoever they're dealing with in this case us is cms certified. So I mean, if that
Keith Furlong: Yeah. The one I'm working on right now that came across yeah. It's basically we. Um
Keith Furlong: I had to send an email to them because it's controlled unclassified info. Then then we had sent it in and to read sign and return a rules of behavior to right to the C. And once I did that, they sent me back a link to the plans. Now, I haven't tried downloading them and I haven't tried printing them. Just we're working on staying in that. In that website. That was that had that has a secure project ID, security key and all kinds of different stuff to get logged into it, right? I was just going into there and it basically is telling you that it is. I wanted to know if I had taken the see had had a like I
Andrew Meggs: Apologize for interrupting here. I do have to hop off for another meeting. Very short answer, if possible. Is there a timeline of when you're going to get approval and is there anything you need from our end in order to
Keith Furlong: Randy's by
corey . milligan: Mid February.
Keith Furlong: Mid February.
corey . milligan: All said. And I'm still waiting to hear back of when or if we should schedule after that to have herself and Randy. So basically, right now and we purchased the software from you guys. We just don't know if we're gonna use it yet because we just need that approval.
Andrew Meggs: And sure. So
Andrew Meggs: I'll if I don't hear back from you by then, I put a note to check in. Okay. And yeah, if you do need anything in the meantime, let me know, but I do unfortunately have to hop off, but I appreciate everyone's time. And you all you do have my contact information. So if you do have any questions or if you need anything else, you can let me know.
corey . milligan: Yeah. Thanks Andrew.
Andrew Meggs: Thanks, guys.
Keith Furlong: Bye. Hey, Robert.