Account: Cap360 LLC
Call Date: 2026-02-12
Duration: 00:18:06
Participants: Andrew Meggs, Joshua McGee

======================================================================

Andrew Meggs: So
jmcgee: Well, how are you?
Andrew Meggs: Hello. I'm Josh. Doing good. Good does morning. Good morning. Gonna ask how if anyone are you else is hoping I'm on doing looks like uh
jmcgee: So yeah.
jmcgee: Okay. Sorry about that one. I shut the door.
jmcgee: All right.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. It looks like Emily is still connecting the audio. But um
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. How is going?
jmcgee: Good. Good there.
Andrew Meggs: It is hi, Emily.
jmcgee: I think this is the first day and this year that it's not below 20 degrees. So
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. No. What does it here today? It's supposed to get up to 40 today.
jmcgee: They're talking about the fifties next week. I was like, I'll take that.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. Man, I don't know might have to go swimsuit season. Um
Andrew Meggs: Hi. Hi, Emily. Hi. I appreciate you hopping on a quick call with me. Hopefully this won't take too terribly long. This is mostly supposed to be just sort of an informal check in. There's not really a presentation or anything like that, but there are a couple of things I normally like to talk about just to have check in points. Yeah. But before I get into it, how are things with PreVeil or just in general?
jmcgee: Good. We are I'm still going through that. The compliance accelerator and can you hear me okay? Yes. Okay. Um
jmcgee: We kind of had a pivot we watched one of your guys' webinars last week. One of the discussions was with main spring and oh, and we had a call with main spring earlier this week.
jmcgee: So we might be partnering up with them as well. Which is cool because they I guess they're like a validated partner of PreVeil. So that's pretty exciting, but other than that, we are everything seems to be okay. I did wanna mention I don't know if you would be able to have all the answers, but who would we talk to if we were to go with another it company or a company like main spring as far as transitioning to new workstations? with PreVeil, I didn't know if that was something that we would speak with a technical advisor on or how that works. Um
Andrew Meggs: Well, I mean, generally, how it works is you would need to add the device to your accounts. So if you are planning on doing that, definitely don't get rid of your old devices before you get your new devices. Because that I've had clients that do that in the past and basically they break their entire organization. We
jmcgee: Would we would stand everything up on that end first before we even think about shutting anything down on on this?
Andrew Meggs: And yeah. So so that would be the first first point. But in terms of technical questions or compliance questions that would be for our support team or our compliance team. But generally the first step would be make sure not to get rid of your old devices at least in the short term. Because yeah, all the keys for each counter are downloaded to a device. So it needs to be manually added before you can log into PreVeil anywhere else. But no main spring is great. I have a lot of clients that work with them. They're very happy. And yeah, I that webinar. I've got like 3 other clients that are like, oh, I think I want to go with main screen now. So I actually like, literally right after this call, I have another client that wants to talk about it. So apparently that's now becoming very popular thing. I was gonna ask.
jmcgee: I was gonna ask your insight if you could on them, you know what I mean? As far as what your thoughts were, what your personal thoughts were, but
Andrew Meggs: Well, I mean, I don't have much insight because I'm really more on the account accounting side of things. So most of the people I deal with a main spring is like, their accounting team and their sales managers and stuff. I can say they seem nice and competent, but I you know, I don't know. Really their inner workings of exactly how they manage their clients. But but I have a lot of clients that have worked with them and they have had clients that have passed an assessment. And yeah, just there's a lot of I mean even basically the cms stuff. Even if you do have the accelerator, it's just so much work and we have so many clients that it's only like one person or a couple of people and they literally just don't have the bandwidth to do it. So people like client or people like main spring spring keep on say mainstream. It's
Andrew Meggs: My one complaint about them wanting to say is
jmcgee: It does not roll off the ton natty. Yeah.
Andrew Meggs: So so yeah. That's that would be my one complaint about the company is the name. Yeah. I have this other company too, where it's like, it almost sounds exactly like a different word, but like, one letter is off and you have to intentionally force yourself to mispronounce it at each time that that you say. But what am I talking about PreVeil is intentionally misspelled, so I have no room for complaints. I have to
jmcgee: Think real hard before I spell PreVeil. Okay. Wait, you have to completely spell it wrong so that you don't spell it the way?
Andrew Meggs: One I didn't come up the name. Any
Andrew Meggs: Main spring. Yes. So long story short, they're very useful. I would recommend them. But I mean, I guess to that point, have you done much in the accelerator or have you already started writing in the SP? Or we're getting into that? Or
jmcgee: I have not enough to.
jmcgee: Not enough to say, oh, I sacrifice all this time for nothing situation. So um
jmcgee: We are kind of doing it one person to person situation here. You know. Pretty much. It's gonna be Emily, Emily and I as far as handling all the UI and everything.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah.
jmcgee: So
jmcgee: Going through everything. It is a lot. And why while I do feel like we're capable I feel like it would be better for us going forward in the future to possibly work with maybe a professional partner on this. Sure.
Andrew Meggs: Okay. Yeah, no. I it I think the accelerator is great if you have the bandwidth to to do that legwork. But our partners are there help? If not
jmcgee: It's amazing. It's a it's whatever you guys built there is absolutely amazing. It really is I think you do need to have some kind of a little I feel like you do need to have a little bit of an understanding of what you're looking at going into this. But it does kind of smooth feed it to you a little bit and I like that. I know it's possible, but we're thinking as far as like we're trying to do we were multiple hats at this organization. So I feel like what's gonna be most beneficial for our time, you know what I mean. So that we can focus on other projects other programs.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah, definitely. I guess to that end, if you don't end up going with main spring for whatever reason, we also have recently launched a GRC tool. I don't know if you saw any of the literature on that or there's a new course.
jmcgee: Reference to it. Yeah, yeah.
Andrew Meggs: So once again, if you end up having main spring do all this for you completely move point or maybe they would recommend it. I don't know. But basically it's a project management tool and kind of quality of life, ease of life tool, however you want to freeze it. Where basically with the accelerator, you download all the documents onto your local hard drive or whatever and edit them and then you keep track of everything via I don't know how you do it via excel spreadsheet or what have you versus the GRC tool. Where basically it's you know, it's all in the cloud. All the controls are like listed and you can check a box like I've met this or not or this needs to be met or this needs to be done by someone and then you can edit all the documents in the cloud. And it pre populates a bunch of stuff and helps calculate your per score and things of that nature. So it's a like once again, it's kind of built on top of the accelerator in terms of, if you were going to do this yourself, it would help you keep track of everything and do it faster and better. But once again, sort of a move point if you're going with main spring, but I figured I'd bring it up since we're talking about it. Well and
jmcgee: We're still talking about it internally, you know what I mean? because there is an expense to it the expense factory and we're just trying to see which one makes sense.
Andrew Meggs: Because that is kind of the theory behind the accelerators. Yes, it's a lot of web legwork, but it's at a fraction of the cost of hiring a consultant and not that main spring isn't worth it. Not that I don't want to disparage any of our partners, but it is a non 0 amount of money.
jmcgee: Yeah. And I think that's one of the that was one of the things that kind of drew me to you guys was was that accelerator was that whole setup that you could do this on your own with this assistance? Yeah.
Andrew Meggs: So yeah, if you know, definitely have those conversations about main spring. Maybe take a call with them, see how you feel about it. But in the meantime, I'll send some information about that. Go C tool if you decide to go in a different direction or if that's something. I would love if you're interested in seeing what that looks like, right? Quick, I can like, show it to you for like, 2 seconds. Sure. Yeah. And full disclosure. This is a relatively recently launched tool. So even I am not 100% trained up on all the
jmcgee: I know in the videos it was being referenced in that accelerator while washing through going through the videos and everything and it was being referenced. But that was that's about as much as I went into it.
Andrew Meggs: Okay. Yeah. Okay. I probably don't want to show you my personal account. Okay. Here we go. So yeah. This is what we built it on. Is this is kind of what you see when you first log in. And this will be the 22nd tour. This kind of gives you a snapshot of what controls are implemented, not implemented partially implemented, et cetera. Brief showing of your per score where you're at in your assessment and any tasks you need to do for your assessment. Obviously, it's all 0 because this is our test account. And then if you actually go into the tool itself, you basically upload your system security plan here and fill out a couple of pieces. And then over on the controls panel this then auto fills a bunch of things for all these controls. So this list, every single control you need to meet and then within it is all the different parts of that control you need to meet. And then yeah, this auto fills from your system security plan and then it you can click yes. I've met it. No, I haven't met it. If there's an action needs to be done, you can assign an action to someone and they get like a notification saying, hey, you need to do this. Or if it's a control that you need to maintain over time, you can set this to have reminders to do it every 2 weeks or what have you
Andrew Meggs: And you can upload your policies and procedures. Get approvals, run reports and this is, but you already have access to all this is pulled in from the accelerator, but these are all the different different templates from the accelerator. So yeah, this is that's the 22nd version, but long story short. This just helps track everything and helps to kind of automatically do a lot of things versus tracking everything locally and things of that nature. So
jmcgee: Is there an additional cost to that?
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. I mean, that's the catch, right? Is that this is a add on to the accelerator. This would be
Andrew Meggs: Once again, very new. I don't even remember the price. I think it's like $2,400 for 12 months.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. $2,400 for 12 months. And I might be able to get a discount approval for a discount on top of that if you were interested. And once again, this whole conversation is moved if you're gonna go with main spring. But but yeah, this is something that we came out with a couple of months ago.
Andrew Meggs: Awesome.
jmcgee: Yeah, that yeah. Yeah, a
Andrew Meggs: Lot of our clients are asking for it because with the accelerator, they are just like wait now what do I do with all the documents? Now now that I've downloaded all of them, so we that's what that's
jmcgee: What I've started doing is I've started I've downloaded all the documents. Maybe because that's the first thing you should do, but to kind of make them our own but also seeing how they all connect to each other. Yeah. Um
jmcgee: And that's been a challenge of itself, not necessarily, but it's just time consuming, putting everything together for sure, which I knew it was gonna be the time. I know it's gonna be there. So and then
Andrew Meggs: Once again, the CRC tool is kind of the same idea as the accelerator where you'll still need to go in and you'll still need to check boxes. There's still a leg work, but it is like I was saying good quality of life tool. Yeah. At
jmcgee: A fraction of the cost of what another another company would be?
Andrew Meggs: Right. But sure. So yeah. I'll send some we have like a little one page here, all included in my follow up email and if that's something that down the road you're interested in, let me know. Okay. But outside of all that compliance stuff you probably would have mentioned this at the top of the call if this was an issue or the actual PreVeil app itself, have there been any problems or issues using PreVeil?
jmcgee: No. We did have a little bit of a beginner challenge when we were sending out emails. But we have since figured that out and moving forward on that. Um
jmcgee: Other than that, I mean, we really haven't had too much of an issue. As I said before. We don't deal with UI day in day out every aspect of our job, but sure. Which was a driver going with you again because you guys organizations make it so easy. Yeah. But it was kind of nice some of the manufacturers we're working with also use PreVeil. And weren't aware of that until we sent them the e mail and they were like, oh anyways. So everything seems to be running just fine running easy. We're just trucking along and focusing on the how are we navigating this compliance piece? So
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. So that actually what's gonna be kind of my next follow up question to that was communicating externally. And having people set up for PreVeil express if there's any push back on that or anything. But it sounds like most of the people communicate with are already using PreVeil.
jmcgee: No. And we I don't think we've had too many issues where people are having you know
jmcgee: I know I went to I can't remember who I went through. It with the whoever the tech was doing doing that whole part. It was it back in November or December. And kind of give me a brief on on how to do everything. And we haven't had any issues with some of the manufacturers. Actually a couple of them actually use PreVeil. So that made it fairly easy. And it seems pretty easy as long as it takes about what 3 minutes to set an express account up to do this. So it hasn't been too much trouble. Like I said, we don't we're not constantly reaching out to manufacturers with UI. So or with solicitations that have UI. It's not our day and day out, but whenever we do need to utilize PreVeil we don't it's fairly easy. It's been we haven't had any push back for any manufacturers to answer the question in a long way.
Andrew Meggs: No, I'm always here for a long, rambling answer. That's the only type of answer I give too much context. No. I appreciate that context though for real. And yeah, that's just normally sometimes the reason I ask is sometimes we have our clients and they like, email their clients about PreVeil and then it's like their clients are what is this is the spam and there's issues. So I just like to check in. But yeah, I guess the bigger the more popular we get the more people don't have that issue because other people are also using PreVeil. But yeah, that's kind of it in terms of my like, check in talking points. Was there anything else you wanted to go over or talk about
jmcgee: Not at the moment. Emily, do you have anything?
jmcgee: I do not at this time. It's been very easy to get in there and with the encrypted email that's been
Andrew Meggs: Even even easier to just switch back and forth if I have to send something. Okay. Yeah, great. Great. Glad to hear it. One day, I want to try like, mining saying something while being silent. So people will keep telling me I'm on mute, but I'm not actually on mute. Um
Andrew Meggs: One day. Get overcast Nate or something. I'll try it, but anyhow in that case, I very much appreciate you all's time. It's great to talk to you all again. You have my contact information. So if you do have any questions or if you need anything, let me know. And yeah, I don't like wasting time on meeting. So unless there's anything else you want to talk about and let you get back to it.
jmcgee: No. No, we're all set. Enjoy the rest of your day.
Andrew Meggs: Have a good weekend. Yeah, you all have a good one. Thank you. Take care. Bye. Bye.