Account: Carl Zeiss, Inc.
Call Date: 2025-12-18
Duration: 00:22:18
Participants: Emily deBettencourt, Gregg Laroche, Aaron Andrade, Mario Maldonado

======================================================================

Mario Maldonado: So
Mario Maldonado: Hi, everyone. How are we doing today? We are well counting the days. Yeah, exactly.
Emily deBettencourt: Same over here.
Emily deBettencourt: All right. You guys know, Greg? I believe I know you've emailed back and forth. It's been a little while. It's been a little while. It's good to
Gregg Laroche: See everybody or talk to everybody again? Yeah. Hello.
Emily deBettencourt: All right. Good. So today's call is to talk about the email gateway. I know you guys have some questions around that specifically as it relates to our partner for hosting security centric. And then also some questions just generally about our product roadmap, which Greg would be happy to go through. So I'm gonna pass it off to him, but if I missed anything or if there's anything in addition that you want to to talk through today, just let us know. We're happy to to do that.
Mario Maldonado: Thank you. Great. So what what exactly
Gregg Laroche: What kind of information are you looking for about the hosting of gateway? Because there's a lot of different aspects to it.
Aaron Andrade: Just from my perspective, I'm just not sure I guess what role it plays with respect to the gateway as we go through this audit. And if I guess I'm not 100% sure what to expect and I'm I half expect that the auditor will ask for some sort of documentation or information with respect to the gateway. And I just want to make sure I know what our responsibilities are versus yours and theirs. Okay. Centric, I know that the SM you gave me is is goes over that, but I don't know. I mean, I mentioned OS, but I would assume that you guys would be the able to see if you guys are trying to I guess achieve a certification, at least when you got the solution with security centric or is was referring to the customer us. Yeah, it is.
Gregg Laroche: It is the organization seeking certification. So it's it is the entity that's being assessed. We in the gateway instances are technically managed services that you own. So that gateway instance is it's hosted by a third party, but it's part of your compliance boundary. So it's actually your asset. It's not hosted in the PreVeil cloud in any way. It's not part of our cloud services boundary. Because if it were a part of that, then it would have to be included in our fed ramp, moderate program. And so because it's a managed service, it's outside of that cloud service. It has a requirement to meet C C level 2 as a cloud service provider. So
Gregg Laroche: One thing to bear in mind, is that security centric.
Gregg Laroche: Offers the infrastructure, they built that host this these services they built themselves. So it's their own cloud. They've kind of broken off aspects of it or parts of it that they can sell managed services as part of their overall go to market. But they sell a lot of things directly to the federal agencies. And they were on a track to pursue fed ramp because they have one contract with the Marine core that they're in the process of doing that. Even though they don't actually technically need fed ramp, they went ahead and get fed ramp ready, assessment done. And then they switched gears to get their cms level 2 certification completed and that's not supposed to happen for them until January. So they are technically compliant, but not certified at CMC level 2. So that depending on the timing for your assessment, we'd want to make sure that they're through their assessment. Just in case anyone asks like, they go all the way up the food chain and want to see the managed service providers. Cms certification. So that would be the one thing I would make sure we nail down. I don't know what the timing of your assessment is.
Aaron Andrade: But I appreciate that. Yeah.
Aaron Andrade: Yeah. Okay.
Mario Maldonado: I mean, generating I mean, I know January is in 6 weeks, right?
Mario Maldonado: Is that one day aspect I have the notification in 6 weeks?
Gregg Laroche: Yeah. They're scheduled to begin. That early to the first week of January, their assessment. And then the assessment itself is only 4 days. But then it takes a couple of weeks to get the cms cyber. AB to update the database they have to publish stuff to mask. That's the government system that tracks all this. And they will update mask and they will then be listed in the cyber AB marketplace as a level 3 approved service provider. But they will have their certification done before they show up in the cyber AB. So I think technically they'll be fine. Once they get their certificate, they can probably get an at a station from the auditor or the assessor that says they passed if you need it. I don't show is your assessment in January, is it gonna be really tight? Or
Mario Maldonado: Do we have
Aaron Andrade: No. No, we don't.
Gregg Laroche: Okay. Because then there should be plenty of time, then. If you guys haven't set a date yet because most of the assessors are running very long lead times right now. Several months. So if you were to go after a calendar now, you probably couldn't get a spot until April. Um
Gregg Laroche: But
Gregg Laroche: Being as a that being as that's the situation with them. Another thing I can mention because we want to talk about roadmap is we are also planning to offer the email gateway as a managed service provider ourselves as PreVeil, we're gonna spin out a separate business unit that is going to offer a set of managed services that will include the gateway the same connector and a virtual desktop instance. Windows desktop fully compliant. So we've had a lot of demand from our customers to provide kind of ready to go compliant endpoints because they you know, they didn't want to go through all the work of elevating, their own endpoint computers to be compliant. We see this a lot and not like you guys are very large and have resources. A lot of our customers are very small and have no resources and they have no IT staff or none of that. And they really look to us to say look, just tell me the whole endpoint. I want the whole thing with PreVeil in it or on it and we're paying to offer that. In the first quarter of this year, this coming year.
Mario Maldonado: Well, the virtual desktop prevent users from moving data from that virtual infrastructure to their own clients, right? Because right now is where we have a risk is when someone decides to they have prevent the computer, but they move it into their endpoint. And then from their compliance is harder right? I see the point. I mean, during the our last reviews of our program Aaron and I were talking, we may have to to force um
Mario Maldonado: End users that handle UI to have a second computer dedicated yes. Per se I apart and with the different growth policies that will prevent them from from doing what they should not be doing with that data. But if you have di that's a good thing, right? We should probably explore that. Yeah. They can adopt if our users can adapt to it. I mean, I don't know. Maybe they'll tell me that in some cases, the UIs in solid works and they need solar organization. So I don't suppose we're gonna be able to to sort of works in your VDI. So at that point, right?
Gregg Laroche: I have one more thing that might help in the roadmap also in Q1. We're gonna launch a kind of a new design or new architecture behind the drive functionality of the file sharing and file storage to address much of what you just said. And we're calling that the code name for that is cloud drive. It's going to be we're changing the architecture of drive on the client side so that it's no longer gonna be a file path. Directly integrated into the local media. It's gonna be a virtual path and it's gonna look like one drive or I cloud drive on a Mac. It's gonna be a resource that the user will see all of their PreVeil files the cloud and anything that's locally synced on media, but you'll be able to lock down that environment so that the user can't store anything locally. Everything can stay in the cloud, but they can still work and explore and they can still edit. They just temporarily pull things down as needed. And then they go back to the cloud when they're done. So there's no no, persistent local files in this new model. There are temporarily local files while they're editing. But then they go back that's new functionality. And also because we have control of that space, we can prevent users from dragging things out of there. So if a user tries to drag something out of the virtual drive into their desktop, we can block that. So that's more powerful than what we have today.
Gregg Laroche: Which is really like, once a file is on the machine, it's on the machine and then the user can do what they want because they have access. And this is gonna be one more layer of policy. We will be able to build around that with the new cloud drive functionality, which is gonna be in beta in January and we expect it to be generally available no later than march, but probably in February.
Mario Maldonado: All right. Is that gonna be accessible to us? Is that just it's gonna be a client update that anyone?
Gregg Laroche: Can use and if you want to try it in January, we can put you on the beta list and you can get an early look at it if you want. Happy to do that.
Mario Maldonado: That sounds great. Right. Preventing users from dragging files into their drive. That's gonna solve a lot of headaches.
Aaron Andrade: Yeah. I think it's a good opportunity. Yeah.
Mario Maldonado: Thank you. And you can only you don't have to test it in your whole.
Gregg Laroche: Environment, you can just pick one machine or 2 machines or whatever you want. It's really just an update to the client software that's all. So you just would install this cloud drive capable client on a machine and move your keys onto there. And then you could experience that workflow and test it.
Gregg Laroche: We definitely if you're interested in that, it'll be towards the end of January. We're expecting it to be write code ready on the 19th. So sometime that week. I'll be reaching out to beta candidates and trying to set up time to get them access to the new client installer.
Gregg Laroche: Hooper. Yeah, it's very exciting. We've been working on cloud drive for 6 months. It's been a huge project, but it we understand a lot of these limitations. We've been working to improve make it better.
Mario Maldonado: Yeah. I'm embarrassed to say that when we first thing is PreVeil, I made this assumption that chat was there. Oh, it's everything in the it's in the drives encrypted you can prevent them from moving files. And then when I learned oh no, you can move them and they become basically my controller and I was like, oh, that's not what I thought this should work. But okay. But now, okay. Now, it will work on that. Great. Yeah, we're getting, yeah.
Gregg Laroche: And the reason it was difficult before was the way we implemented the file interface. We were interface with the file system where now we're not doing that anymore. Now, we're working with the cloud APIs and there's a whole layer above the file system. We're working with that now. So that gives us more power. It lets us see more events coming through. Gives us the ability to trap events and stop things and all kinds of new capabilities because we're not just integrated into the local media anymore. And we're just that was a design we built 10 years ago and we've now found that's not the right way to do it and we're going to a new architecture. Yeah.
Aaron Andrade: Do you have experience with customers that need to, I guess use PreVeil for large data sets talking about terabytes and size, at least a terabyte? because I think from our end there might be some some issues with the length of time it takes to encrypt while it's going. Is there any I don't know experience with that? How do you guys? Yeah, deal with that?
Gregg Laroche: Yeah. It's um
Gregg Laroche: Some of it will be alleviated by the cloud drive architecture because things can stay in the cloud and you don't have to move things of that size back and forth between the endpoint and the cloud at least on only on demand so that will help some of the use cases for large files but there's still a step in the process where a very large file has to be encrypted with a symmetric key and then that key gets re encrypted for any of the people with access and the file doesn't get encrypted multiple times only once but still it if it's a very large file the endpoint is the device that's running the crypto graphic service so the endpoint power is what determines the latency for the encryption process so if you're trying to encrypt a huge file on a very like slow or old endpoint it's gonna take longer so I mean what we usually what we recommend is that if you're gonna be processing very large files you want to at least ingest the file into PreVeil on a machine with good horsepower something with like 8 core 12 core process or whatever something that can crank through the crypto services faster because we still have to encrypt that file so that's what takes the time and then uploading it to the cloud is not the problem it's the local encryption on the device because it's an end to end encrypted system so encryption always happens on devices and never anywhere else and we're very dependent on the device to do that work and that's usually the biggest variable is the power of the device for the large files we don't have any problems in terms of storing large files in our architecture that's not the problem is always the bottleneck on the endpoint that you know that's really the only thing you can influence is the endpoint you're using and then you won't have to rely on the synchronization service to be moving a big file around all the time because the new design almost eliminates the need for the sync service to run and the sync service itself if you have a very large numbers of files can be a source of error and if you have if you we have customers with a million files in PreVeil literally and if they're syncing a big chunk of a million files all day every day there's potential for error in the new cloud drive architecture all that disappears there's no syncing anymore and the it's much more resilient and faster as a result and the performance is better with cloud drive but the big file there's the step of encryption still has to happen when the file is ingested so I'm not there's only so much we can do about that because the endpoint has to do it
Aaron Andrade: What is
Aaron Andrade: Okay. I think that answers my question is do you have any
Mario Maldonado: No, no. This very useful. Not surprises. Great. No surprises. Excellent. Well
Gregg Laroche: We're working hard to try to make a solution better as we go. And and we're very excited about the virtual desktop. So I'll keep you guys informed on that through Emily. We can definitely give you the news on that when it's available. And then certainly we'll reach out when it's time for cloud, drive beta and see if you guys still want to participate then
Aaron Andrade: Sorry, sorry. I'm sorry. I do have some questions around the virtual desktop. So that essentially takes all the UI sits out of our responsibility, right? Because I think the guidance I thought I read in terms of scoping was that if it's just the m into a virtual desktop, then the laptop that is essentially viewing the C and PreVeil is not in scope, right? Correct. So in that case there there would be nothing that I could think of, right? That would be something we would need to, I guess present and show evidence for other maybe some process or policy related topics. But okay. You want to make sure it's
Gregg Laroche: Configured. So that information cannot move between them and the physical host. But that's that comes as part of the configuration. We're selling you. So that's all preset. So it should it's set up in a compliant configuration so that you can just use it. The limitation is I think as Mario was saying the limitation is you can't add custom applications into that environment. So not yet. I mean, that's something we could look at in the future. But for now, it's really just an office 365 endpoint with PreVeil. That's all it is.
Aaron Andrade: A there is some sort of can we do virtual say we have both use cases, but not everybody needs both in use cases. You have the cloud lock and the virtual desktop yeah, together or is it one or the other?
Gregg Laroche: No, you can run the cloud drive version on the v._m it comes with the standard version of the client now because that's what we have. But in the future, once cloud drive is out and about we could build a version of the VDI that has that endpoint on it. Instead of the current PreVeil client right now, we've got 5 dot 8 dot 13 on the VM. But okay. But the cloud drive version will probably be a version six, so we'll probably bump it up a whole number because it's such a big change.
Aaron Andrade: I see what's the is there any scope of work on our end or what's the level of effort to transition over to the virtual desktop instance? Yeah, it's a great question. The
Gregg Laroche: The administration involves because because we basically turn over the environment to you because it's a managed service, we're not gonna host it. You. It's hosted in AWS. Gov cloud. The whole stack and we configure it for you an entire environment. That includes the virtual machine includes the multi factor authentication back end and includes the directory service, the policy. All that stuff is all included and pre configured. So basically to to take ownership of it, you would get like a one hour orientation that would teach you. How to add and remove users through the authentication console, which in our case is act. So if you're familiar with ACA, then this will be easy, but that's where you add and remove users. And then there's backend automation that when you add a user and add them into the workspaces workspaces group, then a workspace is automatically built for them in AWS, gov cloud and gets. Then the user gets invited to claim it. And it all works as a lot of automation behind the scenes. So the administration is pretty easy. It's limited to user management and then if you have to reboot. Any of the MS you go into a console to do that, but you don't have much more control because you don't you're not gonna get the full. We're not exposing the full AWS console to the administrators is because they don't need it. And but that's the plan anyway.
Gregg Laroche: And it includes actually includes the log monitoring, vulnerability scanning security operations, work, all that stuff is included because we have a partner that picks up all the logs from the virtual environment and does that service. So that's all included. So you don't even need to worry about plugging in your sim or any of that stuff. That's all. It's all built in.
Aaron Andrade: Okay. So say we do decide to do this virtual desktop product once we I guess have the go live date. It's just like a switch that goes on. And then all the data is pretty much in this virtual desktop environment. We just need to know how to administer it or we're actually creating the virtual desktops. We have to move data over kind of plan and map that whole thing or yeah, if you're using the same
Gregg Laroche: PreVeil accounts, then you're just you would just move that PreVeil account from your physical device to the virtual device, use it through by doing a key transfer. So you just move your account there and then delete PreVeil from the physical device. And then you would just use the virtual device and you get the same experience. You had the day before just on a new computer. So it's just like, getting a new computer. You can add your PreVeil account to any computer. If you're allowed to add devices in policy. So you would have to have the add device turned on. So a user could add devices and then they would add their account to the virtual device, remove it from the physical device. That would be the tech that would be the tactic or the steps.
Aaron Andrade: Okay. It sounds like there might be some planning involved, but generally speaking administration should be pretty straightforward. Yeah. I'm gonna think about and
Gregg Laroche: Like you said it may only be useful for say, remote computers that you don't manage or some subset of computers that you don't want to manage. That would we're yet to see because we haven't launched it yet. We're interested to learn how customers are gonna use it. Yeah.
Aaron Andrade: All right. I think now, this time I'm really done.
Aaron Andrade: Awesome.
Mario Maldonado: Thank you very much.
Mario Maldonado: Thank you guys.
Emily deBettencourt: Appreciate your time today.
Mario Maldonado: Happy how long days same to you.
Aaron Andrade: Thanks, Greg. Thank you.
Mario Maldonado: Bye. Bye, bye. Bye. Bye, bye.