Account: Chapman Freeborn
Call Date: 2025-12-22
Duration: 00:13:44
Participants: Robin Barrow

======================================================================

Robin Barrow: So cam how are you?
cam . bolton - wilson: Hey, Robin, I'm good. Thanks. Can you hear me?
Robin Barrow: I can hear you. Can you hear me? All right?
cam . bolton - wilson: I can I've got you.
Robin Barrow: Great. Awesome. Thanks for joining. Hi. This could be fairly quick. Honestly. It's just your intro call to PreVeil. I want to go over what you all signed up for and then next steps on how to get started.
cam . bolton - wilson: Great. Invite Dana. Tag to this would probably be our project coordinator for this, but she's sick. So it's just me today. So I'll take some notes and then I'll share it with her when she's up and healthy again.
Robin Barrow: Sure. Yeah. And I can also send over a follow up email with all the details as well.
cam . bolton - wilson: Awesome. Yeah. Perfect.
Robin Barrow: So I hope she feels better. I feel like everything's going around, but that's just
cam . bolton - wilson: It is. This time here. Yeah. Um
Robin Barrow: Great. You all are based out of fort Laval.
cam . bolton - wilson: Yeah. Down there. But I'm just outside DC we're fairly spread out we've got about 60 people in the us. Okay. Probably across 7 or 8 different states, but we've got about 400 people worldwide. So okay. There's a few of us.
Robin Barrow: Great. So yeah, just to I'm your customer success manager. I'm your main point of contact moving forward. I know you worked with Zach previously and like, I mentioned today's call. I just want to go over what you signed up for and had to get started. I see that you have 3 users, one of them being an admin as well as the compliance accelerator, you purchase the provision pass.
cam . bolton - wilson: Bundle. Yeah, yeah. And we'll probably expand that 3 at some point. But I think the onboarding sight and the initial sort of 4 into this is the 3 is probably fine.
Robin Barrow: Yes. Okay. No, that works for us. Yeah. And I guess Zach told me a little bit. You all do private charters for the military. So that's the reason around.
cam . bolton - wilson: Yeah. And there was some 2 or there was 2 or 3 large defense contracts that were tracking in our pipeline. And with the overlay of the cms being standardized and coming into everything that was coming out. It was a case of we need to get ahead of this really so. I've only been with the company a year. Okay. We don't usually operate this close to the prime. We're usually further down the chain. But I think this really applies all levels. So that was really the instigator behind getting this in place and then making sure we have it.
Robin Barrow: Great. That's pretty straightforward standard use case for us. Yeah. And makes sense that you're starting small and then finding out what the real need is and yes. Yeah, if you need more, that's it. And it's really really easy to add additional users with PreVeil. The system doesn't stop you, but obviously we want to make sure we co term your contract and update terms. You just reach out to me and then I can do that. It's fairly simple, right? excuse me. And then to kind of go over the accelerator assuming you all have a goal.
Robin Barrow: I this is me assuming you all don't need to get assessed immediately, but you're probably looking to update your score and do a self assessment.
cam . bolton - wilson: That's it. Yeah, we have no. There's no specific contract in place right now. That's driving this, but we have a couple in place that I think will be modified to pull the cms requirement in and there's a couple in 26 that are expected to be released in Q1 awarded in Q3. So we have a bit of a runway to get onboarded, but okay. But I would like to start 26 with kind of whoever is going to be involved in this kind of just moving in that direction. So we have it.
Robin Barrow: Okay. That makes sense. So did Zach over the accelerator and what it is?
cam . bolton - wilson: Briefly, but it would be good if just another refresher. Yeah.
Robin Barrow: Of course. So it's based out of a learning management system. We call it our 10 step guides getting compliant. It takes you really green. What a cms why is important? Yeah. All the way through how you scroll 1 10. Just to highlight a couple of areas, obviously the
Robin Barrow: Excuse me, the step 6 documentation. If you scroll down to the files, this is our Acme docs package. So this is the full fully assessed documentation package that is. I don't like using templates because they're completely filled out. They're very detailed. For instance, our SP template is 185 pages and it's all the way down to the version history is created. So if you look here, awesome. This is our SP. It's completely completed. Um
cam . bolton - wilson: That's what we're done. I'm assuming there's a percentage in this that would apply to us as an independent organization. We would need to kind of plug those gaps.
Robin Barrow: Yes. Yep. So just to give you a full rundown the for instance the network diagram, that's probably going to be customized to what you all have and what your setup currently. Especially with you all being most likely remote. Bring your own device situation. This is the UI flow that's probably gonna stay somewhat the same because you're gonna be using PreVeil. Again, there might be a couple of changes, but yeah. Um
Robin Barrow: I always say with PreVeil, there you are about 35 of the controls there if you download PreVeil and do nothing in rockaway. That's roughly 35 controls are completed. Okay. We share 102. So what that means you've downloaded PreVeil, you've set up policies in place with your staff. You've trained your staff on, this is what UI is and this is how we manage it and sort it. That's why we say we share 102 right to score. A perfect 1 10 that includes your endpoints. Having your documentation or are protected then also your documentation is place the Acme doc. Full one, ten, they show you exactly everything. The another are you all a Microsoft environment?
cam . bolton - wilson: We are. Yeah. Okay.
Robin Barrow: So if we go to our endpoint configuration this is kind of filling the gaps, oops filling the gaps of the additional 8 controls that are outside of the PreVeil system, but are pertaining to your environment. So um
cam . bolton - wilson: Yeah.
Robin Barrow: On my board is not working, but this is what it looks like. So the endpoint configuration, what we've done. We've taken those remaining controls and pointed out what systems you need in place to meet them. So I'm so bad. I never sign into my
cam . bolton - wilson: That's no worries.
Robin Barrow: My environment so it's bad do you have like antivirus a sim solution or team solution whatever you want to call it
Robin Barrow: Fits excuse me. The bit locker in place that's fits mandate and then. So on and so forth. But yeah, we go we can go a step further and tell you how to go about configuring these additional products.
cam . bolton - wilson: Great. So the so that we need to kind of configure ourselves, there's kind of guidance rather than templates. And we integrate that with whatever we have or we get whatever is missing.
Robin Barrow: Yes. Yep. So the rail again is a piece of the pie. But the accelerator explains the whole pie and gives you all the ingredients to meet it.
cam . bolton - wilson: That's great.
Robin Barrow: Yeah. And then additionally you get access to our compliance team. So this is another big reason why people purchase a compliance accelerator, you get those 6 30 minute sessions with them. You can book time right through the accelerator under additional compliance resources and you can also email them. E mail does not count against their time. I always say that. If you have wanting any one off questions or need a quick answer, shoot them an email. If it requires a long answer, they'll request a call, right? Yeah.
Robin Barrow: So yeah. What questions do you have on this?
cam . bolton - wilson: How long does it usually take Robin for the three? a minimum team size? I'm sure it's probably open ended given the size of the organizations and things, but for a minimum 3 users, how long would it take for usually for people to get onboarding? go through all the compliance training? and then for us to move ahead to get fully? Is it certified is the term the one ten, the score? Um
Robin Barrow: Yeah. To get on board with PreVeil. It shouldn't take longer than a couple of weeks. At the at maximum. The platform is really easy to install to get fully one time. We say 4 to 6 months.
cam . bolton - wilson: Okay. Yeah, that's me.
Robin Barrow: Yeah. So again, depending on how much time you have. Yeah, I'm sure you're wearing probably multiple hats at the company.
cam . bolton - wilson: As well, yeah. Yeah.
Robin Barrow: So, like I said and that's majority of our companies that we work with is they're all small businesses. So there there's not one person that can dedicate full amount of time to this.
cam . bolton - wilson: So right, right.
Robin Barrow: We'd say 4 to 6 months.
cam . bolton - wilson: It's good as well. Because the contract, the primary contract we're looking at now that really has a need in it even though it's not come out yet. Released in Q1, but then the proposal is due Q3 for award end of Q3. So 4 to 6 months gives us an ability to kind of provide them an update prior to proposal submission that we are scored, hopefully. Yeah. Or at least to show progression towards it, which be good.
Robin Barrow: And that like I said, that's full assessment. So that's like scheduling time with A C through Pao. Yeah. Taking that time. A self assessment probably could be quicker. You just want yeah. When you all come down to that because like I said, you purchase the PreVeil pass bundle. We have another product. Again, I don't want to sell you on something just on day one call, but we have a GRC it's called the governance risk compliance tool that helps you track all this. So it helps track your documentation. It helps us submit a score. It populates a score for you. It helps generate your SP and all the reports you'll need. Yeah. So that's probably further down the line. But again, we have it if you need it. And it's good for collaborating too. So you can add multiple people, so you're all working on the same documents at the same time.
cam . bolton - wilson: Right. And those addition additional people that can work in the documents. They don't come down to users, right? They're just additional permissions that can get into the platform and assist and collaborate on documents.
Robin Barrow: Yeah. It's we always say there's 3 users, but we can get up to 5 within the C and it doesn't have to be the same people that are in the excel or in the accelerator or the per platform. They can be all different.
cam . bolton - wilson: Okay. Got you. Um
Robin Barrow: So yeah, I can I'll send more information on that, but again, that's I think that's further down the line when you are getting ready to really get everything in place.
cam . bolton - wilson: This is great. It's a good refresher. I went over it before. But now that we have the whole thing in place, it's good. It's helping me identify as well. Probably the one administrator of this should probably be our it guy. And then the other 2 users should more than likely be people that would be involved in using the system for the operational side of the compliance rather than the creation of the cyber compliance, if that makes sense. Separate roles, yeah.
Robin Barrow: And I would definitely do that. So we even separate PreVeil we have the compliance side of PreVeil and then we have to actually PreVeil platform. That includes the email and drive capability. I would say that makes sense. Your admin be your IT professional help download PreVeil on the devices, get the invites out to the additional people that are gonna be using the platform. And they would book time with our support team to set up a full on training. And I'll resend the directions or excuse me, the instructions and everything on how to get PreVeil installed it shouldn't take them longer than 20 minutes. If it does. That means there's an issue. So reach out to me.
cam . bolton - wilson: Is this is great.
Robin Barrow: Yeah. And then lastly, I'll schedule more time for us to connect in march. That's just a check in or 90 day check in to make sure you are still feeling good up and running getting use out of the accelerator. Yeah. But I mean, that's really all I need to cover today. What additional questions do you have?
cam . bolton - wilson: I think right now, I think the biggest thing I'm gonna have is we bumped up against the Christmas break. So obviously this is probably roll into January, but I think it's pulling in our it. Professional who in the us is kind of more of an admin, but our main it lead sits in the UK. So I just need to speak to that team in in January and say, okay, this is we now have this in place. We need to figure out roles and responsibilities to roll out internally. And then, once they pull the trigger on that's probably the time that we raise more questions. But I see the email you initially sent and it's instructions or onboarding guide and everything else. So they should be able to follow themselves through that and then they should be good. But and I'll resend the
Robin Barrow: Yeah. Yeah. I was gonna say I'll resend them to so you'll have you can forward it right over to them if you want to just the next steps. Yeah. It has the compliance information in it, but they can ignore that.
cam . bolton - wilson: Okay. No worries. No, I think right now, this is great. The 3 or 4 calls with so far as has been useful. So I think we're pretty much good to go and then that's when the main questions will start.
Robin Barrow: Sounds good. Yeah, and I'm here. Again, reach out to me. I sit in the middle. So if you have a question, I'm not sure who to go to. I'll point you in the right direction, but the support team works out of tickets. I'll include all the helpful links for them as well. Absolutely. Yeah. I think you all are in good spot. You're off to the races and if you need any help, just reach out.
cam . bolton - wilson: Excellent. Thanks very much for the call. Have a good new year, etc. When it comes around.
Robin Barrow: You too, yeah. It's gonna be a sprint this week, so you have a good one.
cam . bolton - wilson: As well. I hear you, yeah.
Robin Barrow: Thank you. Bye, bye.