Account: ChemPro Technologies Inc. Dba Bertin Environics
Call Date: 2026-01-28
Duration: 00:10:22
Participants: Zackary Gilman, ALGARIN, Jason, Hunter Schattie

======================================================================

Zackary Gilman: Hello, good afternoon.
Zackary Gilman: Hello, Zach.
Zackary Gilman: Hello? Hello. Are we waiting for anybody else? I saw quite a few people had accepted this.
Zackary Gilman: I don't know. That Jason ALGARIN is gonna make it.
Zackary Gilman: Okay. I think he yeah, I don't think so, either. Yeah. Yeah.
Zackary Gilman: I want to kick things off or wait for. Are we waiting for anybody else or Jason? I look here.
kelleyj: The Hunter from our side should be joining. I'll ping him real quick.
Zackary Gilman: It looks like he's hopping in right now.
wMino: How do I turn the volume up?
kelleyj: Oh, there he is.
Zackary Gilman: Perfect. Is this everybody? Or we also to to start?
wMino: This is the loudest. Okay.
wMino: Yeah, I think yeah. I think we're good to go. Let me just kind of set the stage a little bit. We're all and maybe Zack you've got a pitch, but I think it's good for me to talk. We've got Johnny and Ariel on here and myself. I'm currently the US President for the Box USA site. And then, 10 Data is our IT partner and espe provider. And so right now, we won't be able to implement this because we're all on different computer environments. For the event data folks, I've got di actively working on purchasing us computers, we'll call them. And so those will be owned managed governed by Vann Data. We'll set them up in the environic environment. And then my plan is to have I would say 95% of our business being run on that environment. And that's where the PreVeil software will live. And then we'll have our brand computers, but that will really just before accessing the VP to get to the CRM system and the ERP system because we've got to communicate to the mothership demand and opportunities. So that's gonna be the segregation.
wMino: And then, my, hope is that segregation will get us to CMC level, two, it'll certainly get us to cms level one. But we'll learn as we move along because I'm just concerned that maybe an auditor won't the idea of us being in 2 environments from a cyber security perspective, but I'll deal with that problem later. But that just where we are. We do have a file marked UI that we need access to. We really don't have the proper environment to handle that data and the intent behind this is learn about PreVeil yet. Make sure Vann Data you guys are good and understand the system and how we can implement it. And then once we get the computers and get those environments established, we'll load the PreVeil software and then we'll be up and running. That's how I see us progressing from here. Um
Zackary Gilman: Sure. Okay. That's definitely super helpful context. And just as a quick introduction, my name is Zack. I'm gonna be your customer success manager. I'll be your point of contact here on out from PreVeil. But yeah, my first question is usually get to understand a little bit about what you guys are coming from. So super helpful context there. And then in terms of the licenses, it looks like you guys have the 5 licenses, the 2 admin consoles in the accelerator, if that sounds correct?
wMino: Yes, that's correct.
Zackary Gilman: Okay. Perfect. So just kind of going to this call is relatively straightforward. It's really just to kind of go over next steps some resources at your disposal and then be able to to answer any questions that come up as well. But just kind of going into next steps. I know you just said that you've got to figure out your environment first, but the first step would just be to download PreVeil, onto your device. Once you have that environment setup. That'll give you the full admin console. And you'll be able to invite users there. The download itself is relatively quick, should just be around 5 10 minutes. Just downloading the PreVeil system, getting that all set up. And then from there you're able to book your or on on boarding call. So that'll be more of a technical call. We'll go into the admin console with you, kind of take over your screen, be able to to work through it that way. There is a 30 minute option if you guys don't want a comprehensive hour, long call. No worries about that. But we just asked. So you get the org setup before you book that onboarding. So you're not waiting for it to download on the call or anything like that. So those would be the 2 next steps of just getting it set up and then booking your onboarding call. I'll send this in my follow up email. So you have the links to do this as well. And then as well as compliance accelerator access you guys are able to have up to 3 people in the system at one time.
Zackary Gilman: If you know, now, I'm happy to take down emails and names or you can always shoot over a list of names if you got them after the meeting as well. I can implement them into that system. But if you ever want anybody removed and somebody else added just shoot over an email, I'm happy to do that, you know as you need it.
Zackary Gilman: Some other quick resources, just to note, you do have support at PreVeil.com that's for any technical related issues. Sending them an email automatically creates a ticket for you as well as with the compliance accelerator. You do have 2 resources. One is 6 30 minutes sessions with our compliance team. Those are great for in the beginning asking scoping questions or maybe closer to an assessment. If you want to chat with our team definitely make use of those sessions. It's great to to just kind of ask about compliance or your documentation. They're great for that kind of stuff, as well as compliance at PreVeil.com is just an email for you at your disposal be available to ask any questions that come up? I'm sure as you work through the accelerator stuff will come up. So feel free to use that email as any compliance questions come up.
Zackary Gilman: The only other thing that's on my plate is just to schedule a 90 day check in call for you guys. So probably at this point looking at the third week of April. What I'll do is I'll put down a time for that week. And then as it gets closer to it, if you need to change things around, it's no big deal. I can always adhere to your schedules.
Zackary Gilman: But that's kind of it for my spiel. I want to see if there's any questions. Anything I can address. Like I said, this call is very straightforward. It's just to introduce myself and some resources here. But happy to answer anything if you got any questions or anything that I can help address.
Hunter Schattie: Then do you have anything at all Jim that you want to ask? I have a couple of questions, but
kelleyj: I don't I think it's at least from from my perspective. It seems somewhat straightforward. Yeah.
Hunter Schattie: No, for sure. I was just wondering and this might not be stuff that or I can answer, but regarding like sending out e mails from PreVeil and stuff like that. I understand it does e mail encryption. So does it work? Do you guys send emails out on behalf of your customers or do you guys encrypt then like, send them to their email server? for example, if they're using Microsoft to send emails out, do you go from PreVeil encrypt to Microsoft then out to the world? Or are they sending from your guys' like email servers and mails coming back to those email servers?
Zackary Gilman: So that the way that PreVeil works, it's more of like a secure messaging system. It's meant to look like e mail because that's what you're used to to use to communicating. But it's essentially it's an encrypted messaging service. It looks like e mail because that's what people are used to. But it's all through AWS. Gov cloud. Ourselves, we don't touch it. That's why it's encrypted on the device. So it's the most secure for cms regulations, but
Hunter Schattie: Gotcha. So they won't be or I guess it might appear as they're at and Veronica email. But really, it's just their PreVeil account or something along those lines sending messages back and forth for lack of a better explanation. I got you. Okay. Yeah, that makes sense. And then um
Hunter Schattie: Is there any kind of permission management or anything like that regarding folders and stuff? Because I understand that. The whole point of this is so like, admins can't actually see the data, but they can kind of administer it. I believe. I don't know if there's any file permission management that we'll have to do or if it's kind of just like you have access to the UI and that's it.
Zackary Gilman: So there's definitely certain file permissions that you could do as an admin. You can restrict folders, restrict files make them open to your whole company. I can definitely send over. We have more articles that kind of dive into that sort of privacy setup for the admin console as well as the onboarding call. We'll kind of dive through that as well, but also sources, yeah, for you to look over to
Hunter Schattie: Gotcha. Cool. Well, that's about it for me.
Zackary Gilman: Any other questions? Anything I can help address while I got you here?
kelleyj: I do not.
Zackary Gilman: Awesome. Well, if there's nothing else, you'll receive a couple of things. For me first will be the invite to our 90 day check in call. I'll put all the emails that I have for this call on that one. And then you'll receive a follow up email detailing what we talked about and some resources as well. And then whenever you have those names that you want into the accelerator, feel free to shoot over an email. I'll just need the first and last names as well as the email address to to add whoever. But like I said, I'll be your point of contact here at PreVeil. So if anything comes up, happy to help happy to jump on a call. But yeah, I look forward to working with you guys and appreciate your time today.
kelleyj: Likewise, thank you.
Zackary Gilman: Thank you, bye.