Account: CM Contracting and Consulting
Call Date: 2026-01-21
Duration: 00:23:07
Participants: Andrew Meggs

======================================================================

Andrew Meggs: So
Andrew Meggs: Hello, Nancy?
Andrew Meggs: Hey
Speaker 1: John is the audio one, you're connected. I thought to so computer audio. Switch, sub microphone, speaker.
Speaker 1: Maybe if I
Speaker 1: Just happened.
Speaker 1: Um
Speaker 2: So I still, yes.
Speaker 2: We're here. There we go. I can't
Andrew Meggs: Andrew, can you hear us? I can hear you. Yes. Yes.
Speaker 2: What are other options? Okay. Now, it's all click on the um
Speaker 1: The top one that says this one, yeah.
Andrew Meggs: Andrew it says you're muted.
Andrew Meggs: Yes. I was muted. I muted myself while you guys you try to figure out your audio issues.
Andrew Meggs: Can you hear me?
Andrew Meggs: No. Anything too now
Speaker 2: Speaker. Speaker to speak. Click on headphones.
Andrew Meggs: I don't know.
Speaker 1: Okay. I hear you now.
Andrew Meggs: There we go. Okay.
Speaker 1: Um
Speaker 1: And yeah.
Speaker 1: Derek
Speaker 1: Is that better? Try that?
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 1: Sorry. Okay. Do we have it?
Andrew Meggs: Once more with feeling.
Speaker 1: Once more with feeling.
Andrew Meggs: How's that?
Andrew Meggs: I can hear you, yeah.
Speaker 1: Okay. Perfect. Okay. I'm Nancy. This is Karen. We are doing the um
Speaker 1: We are doing the compliance for CM CC Holly. I'm not a tech savvy.
Speaker 1: So here we are. I have gone through
Speaker 1: PreVeil, the PreVeil compliance stuff I've gone through.
Speaker 1: The first 2 steps, the first 0 0 steps and 1 and 2 and I'm working on step 3. My first question is so CM CC is. We are doing level one compliance, which now that I've gone, I've gotten to step 6.
Speaker 1: I realized that is different than the level 2 compliance, which is the 110. So my question is does does the software that we have for PreVeil do the level one compliance and where is that?
Andrew Meggs: A short answer, yes. And in the accelerator longer answer a level one compliance is way fewer controls and is more of a self at a station thing. And the threshold is much lower to meet level one compliance. You still need encrypted software. So I mean, PreVeil still covers that. Um
Andrew Meggs: But the focus of the accelerator is on reaching level to compliance because it's just a much harder thing to reach. So basically there's 110 controls for level 2. I mean, I think there's only 30 or something for level one. I don't remember.
Speaker 1: Off hand, I think it's 17 is the number that I know.
Andrew Meggs: It's way fewer, but yeah. So basically just a subsection of the content in the accelerator would be applicable to level one compliance. But the getting to the point here though, as I was kind of, alluding to in that email, I sent back if you would like to discuss the specifics of what controls are level one compliant with PreVeil. That would be honestly, a better question for our compliance team. So they're the people who wrote all the documentation. I don't remember off hand exactly which parts of the accelerator deal specifically with level one clients compliance. I know we do have language in there and then we do have a couple of documents. Some documentation related to that in there. I just don't remember exactly where it is off hand. If you wanted to basically have a follow up meeting with our compliance team while you're in the accelerator under. I don't know if you have in front of you or not.
Speaker 1: I do I opened it.
Andrew Meggs: If you're on the I guess homepage, if you will, one of the courses says additional compliance resources should be right under the first course. There's like a you know, please watch this first and then under that additional compliance resources and then like the steps start. In that additional compliance resources course, there's a direct link to the compliance teams calendar to schedule a meeting with them. If you
Andrew Meggs: Honestly, just to get getting to the point here, I'm kind of more on the account side of things and they just know way more about compliance than I do. So they would be able to to better or more intelligently answer specific questions regarding level one versus level 2 compliance than I'd be able
Speaker 1: To
Speaker 1: Okay. I'm about to ask you a question that I'm almost embarrassed to ask you.
Speaker 1: Where is the list. 1 71 compliance.
Speaker 1: Program that I have to go through to see if we are compliant. Because where someone said we could self report. So if we were to click on a level, one is compliant.
Speaker 1: Thing. Where would that be? Because as I'm going through this, I don't see anything that says here is where you are going to start your compliance and see if see where you're at because they're asking us what our score is. The company that's waiting for us to be compliant is saying well, what's your spur score? Well, I don't know what our per score is, because I don't see where to do the scoring to take the compliance test to see if we are compliant.
Speaker 1: Like asking that correctly?
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. Step, 3. And the accelerator is about conducting that self assessment though? Part of that will be mostly related to level 2. We were saying though it'd be the same sort of processes as doing at level one. But I believe for for specifically the spurs score, you would go to P I E dot dot mill to create A P I E E account.
Speaker 1: Say that we already have that. Oh, you have um
Andrew Meggs: I believe if I'm not mistaken, that's where you there's a there should be a PR or spurs thing within the pie.
Speaker 2: Right. We already have that. Okay.
Speaker 1: So we just have to go in there to do that. I don't
Speaker 2: Know if that's where you want to the assessment. I thought we had to add the spurs portal, whatever where we go to report to that. So we do have that activated on our pie account already. Okay. But I still wasn't sure that's where you could actually take this.
Andrew Meggs: So basically, you would add new assessment to your account and then do an assessment in there.
Speaker 1: Okay. Well with
Andrew Meggs: The assets here. Once again, I'm not the expert on this. That's my understanding of it and the compliance team would know better than me, but I'm pretty sure that's the process is in that pie portal beyond that's about the extent of what I know.
Speaker 1: Okay. So but see there again you already know, more things than I do. I see where it says. Well, tho those are the 3 questions that I already answered. So okay. So then here's my other question.
Speaker 1: You said before that. Hold on. I'm going. Let me go back.
Speaker 1: When we emailed you the other day and you and I said, we need the GRC tool with the accelerated and you're like that is not what you paid for. That's not part of our package. So my question is
Speaker 1: Everything that I have to do. When I'm looking at the Acme them, the makeup company Acme, it says things like this is your security plan for me. And am I supposed to now make my own security plan? Because it says
Speaker 1: I know the things that are bolted. I have to change.
Speaker 1: But the other stuff where it says Acme security plan, it's not bolted and I do I not have access to that because I don't have access to the GRC tool.
Andrew Meggs: No. You shouldn't the GRC tool. As I was kind of alluding to in my email is more of just like a quality of life tool for automatically updating the thing, but you can download the SP and change, everything yourself, just find and replace Acme with the name of your company with the whole document. That should change everything.
Speaker 1: So all I have to do in that is put CC instead of me and then that's already done somewhere in the PreVeil software.
Speaker 2: With just other to make sure it's correct for us.
Speaker 2: But I think we were having trouble yeah. I mean, it's
Andrew Meggs: It's just a word document like a normal word document. So you would just do find and replace Acme with your company's name. Um
Andrew Meggs: That should change everything. Like a normal word. It's not a fancy or special or anything it's just a word document.
Andrew Meggs: Okay.
Andrew Meggs: And then obviously you need to change the specifics of the company, like number of employees name of CEO things of that too. But and also the SP is geared towards level 2 compliance. So it is a little bit it might be somewhat overkill for level one compliance. Okay.
Speaker 1: So now that's my other question. It seems like this whole thing to me is overkill, because if we are just doing level one compliance is there a shortened version of this that will help guide us in with level one? Or is level one? So user friendly, that? Yeah, I don't need anything.
Andrew Meggs: I believe well, once again, the I don't know exactly you would need to talk to the compliance team. It's my understanding that. The SP you would just use a subsection of the things that are in there, but the actual full one as it's written is for full level 2 compliance.
Speaker 1: Okay.
Andrew Meggs: But exactly what would need to be used out of it and what would need to be deleted that I don't know. I would need to ask someone from the compliance team since they're the people who wrote it.
Speaker 1: Okay. So really we need to talk to the compliance team is what you're saying? because
Speaker 1: We have no.
Speaker 1: Tech background, other than my husband is a computer black hat, red hat, blah, blah. Whatever thing he does it. So he could do it, but I do not so. Um
Speaker 1: So we're gonna go to the pi thing and we're gonna do the per score for that. And then what
Speaker 2: We have to make ourselves compliant with whatever we're missing.
Speaker 1: Okay. We do need to probably talk to the compliance people team.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. That would probably be the next.
Speaker 1: Step, take. But let's take a look at what that pi thing looks like because I didn't even know about
Speaker 2: I just didn't know that's where we went. That's not there was a link in this somehow that would help I'd like to
Speaker 1: Do it. That's what I thought. That's what
Speaker 2: Looking around for it, we couldn't find
Speaker 1: It anyone because there's a lot of information a lot and especially when you're not tech savvy and not, this is not what you're doing. It's a
Speaker 2: Person just wanted us to dive into it, see what it was, start getting them a list of what they needed and just kind of help them get kick started. That's the only reason they're having us do this. So I know it might seem like, why are you doing this? They everybody's got full time job. So we're all trying to just see what this was and obviously it was more in depth than any of us. I thought it was going to be so we're just trying to get them the first few things of like here's the first 2 things. We know that we need to work on and get started on and the it guys. Happy to do all that part of it, who just wanted us to try to do the click notes version of what do we need to start working on and we didn't know we only needed level one at first, we thought we did need level 2 and that was something that we just learned. So Hallie, we only need level one, but still I'm sure that still entails security plan we need to get our firewall we need to get all of our stuff or compliance the training for everybody for the, ah. So this was has definitely been a progressive thing with us. But yeah, our task was kind of like get into it, see what it is. Start giving us a list of things that we need. So that's kind of what we've been trying and Nancy is here. Been diligent in reading watching the videos and trying to get her head around the whole thing. But that's where we're at.
Andrew Meggs: No, that makes sense. And we have a lot of clients in a very similar situation. So it's not not a big deal.
Speaker 2: We just feel stupid because you know, we're not the it person and we don't have to be as far as getting us there. We just have to be able to tell them what they need to do. So. Right, right.
Andrew Meggs: Is there honestly only a relatively small part of the process involves an actual it person. Most of the documentation and everything is more about policies and procedures than it is about needing to Nolan. Right?
Speaker 2: It's just making sure that we have it in place. The right people have been trained. We have a plan for these things. Let me know that stuff stuff, right? I do think that no shock to you. This whole processing is a bit over complicated, but hey, that's what government is, right. Yeah.
Speaker 1: So is there like you only need level one compliance thing somewhere in here?
Andrew Meggs: Once again, I believe there is. I just don't remember exactly where in the accelerator as you're alluding to there is a lot of content in there.
Speaker 2: Oh, there's loads and loads, which is great. But then also and like I said, just learned that we only need level one. That's like, okay. Cool. So we'll schedule with the compliance team. We'll try to see if they can show us point us in the direction of. Yeah. Really, I mean, thank. There's only 17 that we're gonna have to try to deal with. I mean, I know all this is coming forward that we're all gonna have to be level 2 at some point soon. So
Speaker 2: It was it 2 more years or something that they want. Everyone to be totally compliant to level 2 to be able to do these contracts. Is that correct?
Andrew Meggs: Wow. Well, are you actually going to be handling the UI?
Speaker 2: I believe that there are some contracts. We do some government contracts. We do a specialty and security doors for skis and stuff for Microsoft and Amazon and companies like that. But we do get on airforce spaces, enabled places and put in secured spaces for that's what we do.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. Yeah. If you I mean, well, ultimately, it's gonna be up to your contracting agent, which is unfortunately, somewhat arbitrary still about what they're putting in their contracts about whether something or not, but down the road, if you are handling cy, you will need to be level to compliant eventually. Yes. Okay. Right now, it's up to the contracting agent on some level. Whether they are accepting level one or level 2 or self assess or you must. I mean, this is incredibly rare. I have had a client or 2 that have had their contract pulled already because they haven't been assessed. But most of the clients we have are are allowed to be either level one or self assessed at level 2 without needing to have an assessment.
Speaker 1: So yeah, to have the third 30 okay. Okay. All right. And then
Andrew Meggs: But I've heard this is water cooler, talk it but I've heard from my clients a wide range of my contracting agents is well, I've only had one where on like, November 15th of last year when it was legal for them to pull the contract. They pull the contract because they hadn't been assessed yet. Most of my other clients were given a year to get in or 2 years or some arbitrary amount of time to get that third party assessment and then some the UI or the contracting officer has just said it's fine if you're self assessed. So it's unfortunately, right? I mean, as the years go by this will be more codified and it'll be a little bit clear about what exactly UI how exactly yeah. ADA ADA yadda. But right now it's still something of the wild West. So it's still somewhat up to contracting agents, but what exactly counts the UI and when exactly you need to be
Andrew Meggs: A third party assessed. But but I mean, download eventually if you are handling whatever third party. So now, whether that's we're on 2 years from now or 3 years from now or 5 years from now, I don't know, but eventually will happen.
Andrew Meggs: Okay. In the meantime though, I think next steps here would be to to schedule some time with the compliance team to go over where you're at in the process. And be they just know exactly what in the accelerator where the specific level one content is.
Speaker 2: Yeah. It's just the most of her yeah. We downloaded some of the documents and started editing them fitting them to our specs and our company. But then I know we
Speaker 1: We kind of hit a wall and well because too, I was wondering where
Speaker 1: The security plan was and then it's and then once we found out, we were only needed to be level. One compliant. I wanted to take take a step back and I was looking to see
Speaker 1: Where a level one compliant framework was and I couldn't see that. So that's why we kind of paused for a little for a few days.
Speaker 1: In our process. Sure. But now we know where that one is. So we do that.
Speaker 2: That is cool. Okay. We'll schedule something with the compliance team to see if they can help us kind of guide to. To really all we have to do at this point before we end up tackling level 2 later, but
Speaker 1: I did email. Questions to it always says you can email my customer.
Speaker 1: Service at PreVeil. After I and I CC on it, I still haven't heard back and that was last Tuesday from them.
Andrew Meggs: It depends been on which email address. Do you remember off hand who you emailed hold on?
Speaker 1: Till you in a minute.
Speaker 1: I
Speaker 1: Speak last week.
Speaker 1: Compliance at PreVeil.com.
Andrew Meggs: And they didn't respond to you.
Speaker 1: They did not respond and I emailed them last Tuesday.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. They may have just been waiting for me to have a meeting with you to to clarify exactly what you needed. But either way if for this conversation you they would have probably told you to schedule a meeting with them anyways. That they could have a more in depth discussion rather than trying to just do like, one off question emails. And that's what
Speaker 1: I assumed but I still haven't heard back from. Yeah.
Speaker 1: So I was a little analysis me.
Speaker 2: Okay. Well, we'll get scheduled with them and see if they can help us just kind of we just wanted to just, like I said, just do the assessment just to kind of start having the okay, what do we need to start working on it for the thing? So that's that'll help us.
Speaker 1: Because then once we know what the POS are, then we can do that. And
Speaker 2: Keep doing with documentation.
Speaker 1: I keep going, but I guess. Okay. Thank you.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. You and well yeah. And honestly going just very briefly. GRC tool is level 2 focused. So it'd be way overkill for you guys, anyways. And most of our clients are looking to be level 2 compliant. That's kind of why everything's kind of focused on level 2 compliance.
Speaker 2: In the
Andrew Meggs: Beginning. Yeah. And it is a much more in depth process. So we are continuing to add documentation and more courses to the accelerator as time goes on. And we are adding more stuff that is level one focused. But right now, at least since everything's kind of starting with level two, that's kind of our focus with all the documentation and everything. But but the compliance team would be able to point you towards the stuff. We do have towards level one and then you have my contact information. So if you do have any other questions or if you need anything like that, let me know.
Speaker 2: That Andrew will do that. Okay. Yeah, thank you.