Account: Cole Marie Austin LLC
Call Date: 2025-12-03
Duration: 00:19:02
Participants: Zackary Gilman, Andrew Meggs, Christopher Perry

======================================================================

Andrew Meggs: So
Christopher D Perry: Hello there Andrew how are you doing today?
Andrew Meggs: I am doing well. How are you?
Christopher D Perry: I'm okay. Hello. Christopher. Okay. As you can see, I've only done two, but I've been trying to get Mr Chuck Clark involved, but he's having a hard time being added to one of my 3 slots. So that's really my concern right now.
Andrew Meggs: Okay. Do you have PreVeil up in front of you?
Christopher D Perry: Which one the I have the uh
Andrew Meggs: The PreVeil app? Yeah.
Christopher D Perry: No. I have the portal the uh
Christopher D Perry: Learning, the learning. Course accelerated course. Let me see if I can open up my PreVeil app.
Christopher D Perry: Here we go.
Christopher D Perry: Can you see me? Uh
Andrew Meggs: Not yet, no.
Christopher D Perry: Okay. Uh
Christopher D Perry: Yeah. Can you see me now?
Christopher D Perry: Hello. No.
Andrew Meggs: I mean, I can see you. I don't know if you're trying to share your screen or not. Oh, no.
Christopher D Perry: No, no, no. I haven't gotten the screen yet.
Andrew Meggs: I misunderstood yes, I can see you, if you
Christopher D Perry: You wouldn't mind sharing your screen. I'm trying to
Christopher D Perry: Find the right tab.
Christopher D Perry: Okay. I keep getting the uh
Christopher D Perry: Nope. I'm on the compliance side. Find my
Andrew Meggs: It should just be a icon on your desktop.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. The PreVeil icon.
Christopher D Perry: Yeah, you're right. We did put that on my desktop. It's not on this computer. It's on my desktop back home. I'm on my laptop and I'm trying to log in from my laptop, but I can't do that, right.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah, you would need to add that laptop as a device to your account.
Christopher D Perry: Okay.
Christopher D Perry: I tried that, but I kept having trouble with that. So I'm on my laptop. So and I can't add it because I'm not next to my desktop because I got to get that code. Correct. Okay. Um
Andrew Meggs: But long story short. What I wanted to get across is that it doesn't look like your organization has been created and it doesn't look like you've gone through the onboarding process yet. So even though you have the PreVeil downloaded, do you have that if you recall when you log in, do you have an admin tab in your PreVeil?
Christopher D Perry: Yeah. Yes, I do. When I log in, I do.
Andrew Meggs: Okay. Okay. Yeah, basically for the technical setup, the next step would be to schedule a onboarding session with our support team to
Christopher D Perry: I did that. I thought I did that.
Andrew Meggs: Let me double check. Maybe I'm looking at the wrong thing.
Christopher D Perry: Yeah. I've done the onboarding and I've downloaded and everything set up right now. I just need to add Mr Chuck park, but you're right. I don't have what you call a recovery group.
Andrew Meggs: Sure.
Christopher D Perry: Yeah, I don't have that and I'm not sure how to do that.
Andrew Meggs: Let me pull this up.
Andrew Meggs: Um
Andrew Meggs: Do you know what the name of your organization is that you created?
Andrew Meggs: As the admin. So Mary Austin.
Christopher D Perry: Oh, Marie Austin.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. Okay.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah, because I am seeing Chuck is having an account. But yeah, you would need 3 people to have a recovery group unfortunately. So
Christopher D Perry: I need 3 people.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. You need 3 people to to we're getting a little bit in the weeds here. But to create a recovery group, you need to have an approval group and you need 3 people to create an approval group and they basically would do all the approve of all the account recoveries and everything. So their approval group needs to be created first and then you can create a recovery group.
Christopher D Perry: Okay. I need 3 people in the approval group.
Andrew Meggs: Right. Yeah.
Christopher D Perry: Okay. I guess I can send
Andrew Meggs: Information on this after the call.
Christopher D Perry: Okay. Yeah. Okay.
Christopher D Perry: So here, here's my list of everything. Sure.
Christopher D Perry: I'm a one man show. Okay. I need to get level one certified and I got to do that. Okay. So going through all these courses, will that help me get level one self certified? Because I got to go through the supplier, approval SDR, whatever that website is?
Andrew Meggs: Yeah, the spurt score. Yeah, yeah.
Christopher D Perry: Get my spurt score.
Christopher D Perry: Um
Andrew Meggs: And long story short, yes. Long, long, story, long. The accelerator obviously goes above and beyond just being level one certified, it goes over to level 2 certification, right? So basically, a subsection of that will be that level one certification that'll help with. But if at any point you have questions about that, you can also reach out to our compliance team. Have you met with them at all yet?
Christopher D Perry: No. Okay.
Andrew Meggs: So they're the people who wrote all the documentation and everything. They'd be able to provide some guidance on how to do that level one certification, which is obviously the threshold is much lower than than level 2. But yeah, you can email them at a compliance at PreVeil.com. There's also a direct link to their calendar in the accelerator under if you have the accelerator in front of you, which is the
Christopher D Perry: I do have
Andrew Meggs: It. There's a course called additional compliance resources. It's like the second.
Christopher D Perry: One I've looked at it, I completed it on October 7th.
Andrew Meggs: Sure. So in that there's actually a direct link to their calendar. So if you want to, you should see it should like, schedule a time with the compliance team. I would recommend scheduling a time with them to kind of go over where you're at and next steps for getting level one compliance and they'd be
Christopher D Perry: Okay. But I think the first step I need is I need to get Chuck on board. Yeah, that would help. Yeah, he's sitting here and right next to me. Oh, hi. So it says I'm waiting for a connection to a new device. Nope. That's not it. So
Christopher D Perry: You're not gonna be no, you're not gonna have it. I've gotta put you in
Christopher D Perry: So I need to do the I need to do the approval group and then the recovery group and then Chuck and get added, right?
Andrew Meggs: Theoretically, yes. For the approved group, just just for the sake of just creating approval groups. So you can do this if you want to just create maybe like a dummy account or something, it doesn't necessarily have to be a third real person. Just needs to be the 3 users. So you could create a dummy account with an alternative email address and use them as the third person to create.
Christopher D Perry: Them I can do that. I'm gonna do that. So. Yeah. Okay. And and
Andrew Meggs: So the easiest
Christopher D Perry: Where would I go to uh
Christopher D Perry: The is there in the accelerator. Does that show me exactly the steps to do that? Or do? Because I did onboarding okay. I think I did. I know I did back.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. Would've been like an hour, long training session.
Christopher D Perry: Yeah. Yeah. And it's on my desktop and but I've got an old desktop, so. Sure. So so the first step I need to do is get that group done and then I can get Chuck added.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. I mean, it's one of those things where it's like, yeah, re added technically. He was added and then we can't get back in. So yeah, you'll want to create like an alias account or dummy account to have that third user to create the google group and then
Christopher D Perry: I can do that. I've got an email already associated with that. I'll do it and we'll get
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. And I was gonna say I'll send the instructions in a follow up email too.
Christopher D Perry: Okay. All right. Uh, that's basically my 90 day update.
Andrew Meggs: Your check date as it were. I was gonna say that was being dumb, your Chuck date as it were. Um
Christopher D Perry: Yeah, yeah. Yeah, my check date. Okay. I mean, as for as soon as we go through all this I think we'll have a better role. And can I schedule an update with you sooner if I want to
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. Whatever you know, this is 90 days, but I am your main point of contact in your
Christopher D Perry: Customers. Okay. So so what I'm gonna do is when I get back to my home office I'll create that approved list.
Christopher D Perry: Approved group recovery group. And then once Chuck gets on board, we're gonna knock this learning out pretty quick. And then once I once we get this done, I'm gonna send you an email and say, hey, look, I want to get a quick meeting with you, see, get a feel for where we are and what you think is next and see how we're doing. How's that?
Andrew Meggs: Sure. Yeah. Definitely. And at any point just you can also contact I'm getting a little bit ahead of myself. Yes, definitely just email me whenever you want. We can set up a meeting. If you're having issues creating that approval group and recovery group. That would actually be our support team who could help with that. I think I put it in a ticket with them for Chuck earlier.
Andrew Meggs: Did I did they just say create an approval group or what did they say to do? No, I got
Christopher D Perry: The only thing I got back from the group is that they had acknowledged it and they said they had to delete the account and re re install the account and so forth. I can get it. I can access I can sign in, but I can't get anything because I don't think I've been through the onboarding process. I don't have the application or access to the application. So this is what I want you to get right here. The accelerator.
Andrew Meggs: Oh, that's okay. I'm sorry, I have to have a complete misunderstanding of things. Yeah. I
Christopher D Perry: I want him to have access to the accelerator.
Andrew Meggs: Okay. That's a completely different thing. I can just add him to that right now.
Christopher D Perry: Oh, Jesus, thank you. That's all I want. Because I want him and I are gonna go through this together. Yeah. Okay. And then last time I talked to you, that's why I was asking about the 3 people. I can put 3 people on the accelerator, right? Or more? Yeah.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. That's a completely separate site. It's a completely separate login. Um
Andrew Meggs: So I yeah, Chuck has access to that now. And I will provide the direct link to that Chuck to to the both of you. And you can go in there and when you click on that link, you can just click on like, forgot password to reset your account. So yeah, that's separate from. Yeah, it's a separate completely separate thing. You don't have to work.
Christopher D Perry: The only thing I'm worried about right now is an accelerator. Okay.
Andrew Meggs: Okay. You, Chuck have access to that. So I'll send a direct link to that after this call. So you will be able to log in
Christopher D Perry: That is. Excellent. Well, then we're successful.
Andrew Meggs: Yes. That's
Christopher D Perry: Exactly what I wanted to square away. So Chuck and I can go through this together and I'm not sitting here as a lone wolf and Chuck has a better understanding of what all this entails and I just need him to help me get through this. Yeah. Okay.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. I'll send a follow up email with that link. And I mean just so you have it also information on approval and recovery groups. But I also wanted to mention that your email gateway hasn't been set up either. I know you're focusing on the accelerator right now, but I'm gonna have them follow up with you about the gateway setup too.
Christopher D Perry: Yeah, because I know I'm paying for it.
Andrew Meggs: You are paying for that is correct, which is why I want to get it set up for you.
Christopher D Perry: Okay. Thank you. Um
Andrew Meggs: So Phil will Phil from our Phil or Chris are the people from our support team to handle the gateway implementations. So they they should reach out shortly.
Christopher D Perry: Okay. So so getting back to this multiple computer download of PreVeil, why is it? Why do I have to be next to my desktop? Because I've tried to download it on his laptop, but for some reason it's it hasn't worked. So what's the key or what's the secret sauce on that?
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. This is kind of going into the nuts and bolts of how PreVeil works when you download it. You don't have a like password or log in the keys to your account are downloaded directly onto your device and are stored on your device, right? If you wanted to add your account to another computer or mobile phone, you would have to copy those keys from one device onto another device. It's a fairly straightforward process, but they do have to be near each other or you have to have a a file that has the key copied and pasted onto it. You could okay. Copy and paste and I'll include how to do that in my follow.
Christopher D Perry: Up email too. So let me ask you this.
Christopher D Perry: When chug gets access and he's on the recovery group, will he be able to have the PreVeil desktop on his
Andrew Meggs: Theoretically yes.
Christopher D Perry: Okay. Okay. All right.
Andrew Meggs: Now, this is what the asterisk of making theoretically yes. Sometimes kinks happen or where if support was saying that they would need to delete his account, I don't know what they're seeing in the back end. That would cause them to say that yeah, I'm not going to give you 100% guarantee, but theoretically, okay.
Christopher D Perry: All right. Because because I'm authorized 3 users, right?
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. You have you can have 3 people in the PreVeil app and then 3 people in the accelerator, they don't have to be the same 3 people. Got it. Okay.
Christopher D Perry: They don't have to be the same 3 people.
Andrew Meggs: No, it's a separate site separate login. You can put you
Christopher D Perry: But I am paying for 3 people on each app.
Andrew Meggs: Correct. Yes. Okay. All right. And the gateway, but which
Christopher D Perry: Will be right. And the gateway. Okay.
Andrew Meggs: But um
Christopher D Perry: That sounds great. We're gonna try and get this done tomorrow. And in fact when I go back to my desktop, I'm gonna try and do that approval list and add that on there. But I'm pretty anxious for Chuck to get into the accelerator.
Andrew Meggs: Well, let me quadruple check. I put the right thing in here. It's Chuck. Do park at call, Mary austin.com, correct?
Christopher D Perry: Correct. Okay.
Andrew Meggs: That's how I added. So yeah, I'll send a direct link to the accelerator in my follow up email. And Chuck if you were to click on that link and just click on forgot password, you'd be able to reset your account there. And then yeah. So that'll be accelerator access. And then you can worry about Chuck getting into the PreVeil.
Christopher D Perry: App. Yeah. I'm not worried about that. I'm not worried about that yet. We need to get through this accelerator first, yeah.
Andrew Meggs: So okay. All right. Well, that mission is accomplished at the very least. And we can go on from there and yeah. I will send all this up and then once you get a little bit more comfortable or get Chuck in there and set up just to reach out to me to to schedule a follow up meeting and we can put that on the books.
Christopher D Perry: That sounds great. I really appreciate your time, man.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah, of course. And I don't know if I've mentioned Zach is also on this call. He's a new member of the team. So he shadowing some of the
Christopher D Perry: Calls Christopher.
Christopher D Perry: I'm glad you can listen. Confusion. Great conversation.
Christopher D Perry: Yeah. And I you know, I'm really the one to blame for lack of progress. I've just been inundated with other work and one man team plus Chuck being feeling sorry for me to help me out. So we're gonna knock this out. I've got a goal. This other company that I support and give you inside baseball in this they have been trying to get CRM C level 2 certified.
Christopher D Perry: For 3 years. Yeah. And they're using Microsoft GCC High and they're spending a boatload of money and I want to get this done before them and show them exactly.
Christopher D Perry: That it could be done more efficiently and cost effective.
Andrew Meggs: I definitely I mean, we just had our Zach. Do you know? It's like 53rd or 54th client?
Christopher D Perry: Fifties now, mid fifties, yeah.
Andrew Meggs: So and we've had clients yet past within the course of just a few months once they get started. So not I mean, obviously results. Maybe I don't want to promise that, but it's definitely doable and just a few in.
Christopher D Perry: Mind is pretty simple. Like I said, I got a computer and a phone. Yeah, that's it. And you know, and there's some physical security aspects that where my office is, I sit inside Scientic who has a secure who is a secure facility, so anyway.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. So no. Well, we're definitely here all along the road to help. Just to get and I will send all this again in in my follow up email, but just going to reiterate the resources you have available here. Support at val.com support team. Compliance at PreVeil.com is the compliance team. And as I was saying earlier, I'm always available if you need anything. So don't hesitate to reach out.
Christopher D Perry: All right. Andrew, thank you very much, Zack. Nice to meet you. Chuck and I are gonna sign off. Now, how's that?
Andrew Meggs: Sounds good. Thanks guys. Have a good one.
Christopher D Perry: Okay. Bye. Bye.