Account: Complete Logistics Support
Call Date: 2026-01-29
Duration: 00:37:55
Participants: Scott Petry, Robin Barrow, James Kay, Christopher Veneto

======================================================================

Robin Barrow: So
CLS Corp: Sorry, I'm just trying to figure out our
CLS Corp: Our tablet here for a meeting room.
Robin Barrow: No worries. Hi James. Okay. How are you? I can turn off my camera too. We don't need to do cameras. Start it?
CLS Corp: Yeah, I don't know our camera situation.
Robin Barrow: That's okay. No worries. And do you have Scott with you as well?
CLS Corp: I thought he was gonna join me. I don't know what happened to him. So I don't I don't know where he went off to. Okay. But we can get started I just got an email now from Chris of what PreVeil is looking for us for this?
Robin Barrow: Okay.
CLS Corp: Because PreVeil the software we have on PreVeil does not provide me enough information for any type of troubleshooting on my end.
Robin Barrow: Oh, okay.
CLS Corp: Yeah. I can tell you that. Our internet is quite fast. We have I don't know if you know what optimum is, but we have optimum business. We can easily expect at least 300 megabits per second. Okay. Usually it's faster than that.
Robin Barrow: I need that at my house.
CLS Corp: Um
CLS Corp: Clearing browser cache. That's that's not something we can do on a regular basis. I can understand that if there is an issue that when you know, we go to report it and in the meantime, but we can have that as a standard practice to always clear out the browser cache here.
Robin Barrow: Stop you for one second. I'm so sorry. I'm gonna let Chris in and I just want him to hear all this. So because he is gonna join this call. So give me one second. I may have you. I'll recap what you already. Just said. Sure.
Robin Barrow: Hi, Chris. I have James here.
Robin Barrow: Hello.
Robin Barrow: Oh, can you hear us Chris?
Christopher Veneto: Yeah. Yeah. Can you hear me?
Robin Barrow: We can now. Yes. Yeah. I have James here and he said he did just receive your email and he would just kind of go over in going over what his current system capabilities are. They he mentioned they have. It's called optimum. Yes. Yeah. And it's so they have extremely fast Wi Fi. And he was just going over clearing cache and how it's not as easy for them to do that every day. So yeah, I'll let you take it over James.
CLS Corp: Sure. Yeah, I just explain that's not something that we can do on a regular basis. Clearing the browser cache because between various services that we use, that the with that cache needs to be there. And if we're constantly clearing that out, then we're it's interfering with other either other services or it's just not something that our users know how to do on a regular basis.
Christopher Veneto: Sure. Sure. And to clarify one point about that email. Yeah. I wasn't actually suggesting a consistently clearing cache. This would be kind of more like an initial step to see if it did have any functionality benefit maybe just to see if it helps a little bit and you know, kind of track what happens there. Because we don't what we want to kind of want to target a couple of things. Obviously, we want to have you we want you to have a smooth experience overall, but we also want to kind of do some investigation. I'm targeting troubleshooting in some steps to see if we can kind of narrow down where some of these hits, us and these blockers are. Yeah, I should have clarified a little bit better. Yeah, that would have just been like, at least to start a one time thing to see what if any result that gives us.
CLS Corp: Okay. Yeah. I mean a lot of these things are something that I do on a regular basis. With with it's just part of my operating environment. So any of this stuff would have been checked prior to making any reports to PreVeil.
Christopher Veneto: Gotcha. Okay. Good.
CLS Corp: See yes, the due to other reasons. Our computers are re booted at least once a day, usually more often. It's definitely memory leaks are a serious problem for us. We have another software vendor who does have bad memory leaks. If it's kind of pushing critical with just them. So if PreVeil does have a memory leak, it's probably gonna crash the either crash the laptop or it will stop or the or windows will make appropriate measures to to stop whatever is causing any memory leak.
Christopher Veneto: Yeah. If a point I wasn't specifically mentioning you'll prevail in memory leak, but just it sounds like you kind of already aware of this. But like the longer you leave a laptop computer on without a reboot it just increases the chance that a memory in general could happen.
CLS Corp: True. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So
Christopher Veneto: Again, I wasn't really specifically mentioning something specific to PreVeil with that, but just just a general best practice because you probably experienced the same, but work on a support team here. Can't tell you the number of times you get on a Support call with somebody and you ask them one last time you booted their computer and they give you that blank look weeks months.
CLS Corp: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Our our it provider usually forces a reboot on the the laptops within like every 24 hours.
Christopher Veneto: Okay. Perfect. Perfect. Great. Um
CLS Corp: Yeah. The the CPU and ram on on our laptops are definitely going to meet or exceed what you would need for this. Because we have other software vendors the and that software is very demanding on either the CPU or ram or both. Because we have I mean, Microsoft word alone. I'm not sure if you're aware of this, but if you go over like 5 pages in Microsoft word, then it's you pretty much need like a powerful laptop.
CLS Corp: You know. So and most of the time whenever we do, if we should happen to have a word document for something, it's definitely gonna exceed 5 pages. So yeah. We just did a massive update with our laptops across the the company. So then they'll they'll all meet that CPU and ram require environment.
Christopher Veneto: Okay. Good. Good. I think we would probably be looking more at a couple of other things here and maybe another couple of other path here because it sounds like, yeah, some of the network and the computer environment stuff sounds like you guys got have well in hand. So the part I mentioned there is like maybe optimizing how your data is stored and drive after this. Obviously, maybe we'd work together and take a look at how your current file structure and drive is some recommendations we have here that I mentioned in that note. The definitely I feel works better with horizontal file folder structure rather than vertical. The deeper they go and the more condensed they get. That does obviously put an additional strain on when you try to sync data down to that local directory. So having a more horizontal kind of structure less data in each individual folder. And then only thing down what you need at any given time. Might be helpful there. And uh
Christopher Veneto: One of the thing I want to
CLS Corp: Just for that for that bullet point because we're taking our structure that we have with one drive and Microsoft is kicking us out of SharePoint, which is the reason why we moved over to PreVeil. We're taking like a our SharePoint structure. I'm not sure if you guys are aware of how that works with SharePoint one drive and and teams. I usually
Christopher Veneto: Point a little bit my last job. But we don't really use it here. So it's been a while.
CLS Corp: Okay. Because so what happens is that something like SharePoint or teams one drive? That's just the interface for accessing. Microsoft's sure. Cloud service. We're using that folder structure. And so far we haven't had a problem with teams. So that's why I'm concerned with the performance when it comes to PreVeil. And checking with Amazon web services and it shouldn't be an issue with how we've done it. I can assure you that we probably won't hit 500,000 items, but we could easily hit 100,000 items.
Christopher Veneto: Yeah, that can be easily yeah. We should be able to handle that.
Christopher Veneto: In that case, I would like to make one other just additional suggestions here. Now, we do have a major change coming to drive the current model for drive is we've got that local sync directory in in files for you can sync your data down it is a local copy currently. But we are moving to more of a model that is kind of mirrors one drive a little bit more where you fill the local directory. You fill the ability to think of data locally, but it's more like that point to files point or folders. That's not really locally available on your device unless you take an action to do so. And we're in the beta test program for it right now. But we are things I'm pretty promising results that it does make drive a lot more responsive. So one thing I can suggest here as well, we do have an active beta going some of our customers. And if you if it'd be interest of you we could get you onto that beta. Have you do some testing? in your own environment with this new build. And see if that does alleviate some of the issues we've been happened.
CLS Corp: I guess it's worth a shot. We can try it. I mean, things things aren't going great as it is. So I don't think it's gonna be that much of a risk for us.
Christopher Veneto: Yeah. I mean, but I think some of the enhancements and improvements speed, reliability, stability, some of the stuff that you're looking for. I think this potentially could address a lot of it. If it is something you're interested in. I can get you connected. I think my manager Phil is kind of working with our customers on the kind of piloting it from the Support team side here. So if it's something you interest, you're interested in and give your email address. You could send you a like, a you basically kind of a long email, but what the bat is and you know what we're asking you to do like one example put this on a like a test device as opposed to one of your normal production devices because obviously there are gonna be some differences. It is still a beta. So obviously there's some verbiage in there about some of the things that we're still working on enhancing and fixing. So there are some known bugs in the beta that we're working on and we identify those. Just so you're aware of some of the few of the limitations that are available. But I think for your use case here, let's say it might be worth testing this out because I think it could hopefully address a lot of the concerns that you have.
CLS Corp: Okay. I'll take a look at it. I can tell you that. Like we don't we only have a production, we don't have a development environment. We're just too small for a um
Christopher Veneto: Yeah. Not a full development environment, but like maybe just like a tech device instead of like a production laptop that you're doing your day to day work on. Yeah.
CLS Corp: Yeah. I mean, you can send the info info over, but it sounds like that's probably not gonna work for us because we don't have a development laptop. We only have production laptops.
Christopher Veneto: Gotcha. Okay. Well, yeah, let's the info and let's see if it's something that would be something that like, you might be willing to give a shot. If it seems like it would be if it would fit in within your environment, I definitely think it's worth worth trying this out. Because if it does work well for you, like I said, we're in the beta now and our anticipation is if there's no nothing. No, no hidden. Gotcha. That we haven't hit yet. That we're hoping to get this out in production and roughly about a month. I think we're targeting early march for it.
CLS Corp: Okay. Yeah. I mean, I saw the I forgot what you guys called, it. I mean there with the next version of a drive. I mean, I will admit there's a lot of features that we could that would be extremely useful to us. So that's why our goal here is that to get PreVeil working for us because it does it overall. It seems like the best path forward for us. That's why that's why I'm the importance of getting some of these some of these things cleared up. So after going through with that the 4 big problems. The
CLS Corp: One of the issues that we're having is that um
CLS Corp: Without error messages without a clear indication as to what's wrong with wise, PreVeil, not doing what we wanted to do. It's very difficult to for us to to work around it. One of the things that happened was that when I went to try to share a folder with my co workers. I can only do one person at a time. I'm assuming that is how it's supposed to work. I can only share with one person at a time if I have say, 5 people I need to share a folder with. I have to share with one person, wait for that process to Complete, then share it with the next person and wait for that process to complete that correct?
Christopher Veneto: No, you should be able to add multiple people at one time. If yeah. If you're share error, I know we kind of talked a little bit in the ticket, but I guess I never really got to the root of what the actual share error was and what the step you taking before. You got the error. But no, you should be able to add multiple people and share with multiple people at one time.
CLS Corp: It does not do that.
Christopher Veneto: That is interesting. Yeah. I mean, obviously that'd be something I like to take a look at. As I mentioned, we talked about a little bit in the ticket. I mean, yes, the error messaging in in the UI. Definitely could stand from some enhancements. I definitely I 100 rent agree with you on that one. I've been beating that drum here for a bit here. I think we definitely need better messaging to give you more accurate information about what the root cause it. But as I mentioned, the ticket we do have additional tools we can use here that command line interface. I sent you the instructions for oftentimes. We also use a browser console and network logs because they oftentimes will give you additional context on what the error means. If it's not clear in the real UI, oftentimes, we'll just open up the browser the developer tools panel with the console and network logs. We create the error in the network and console logs. Oftentimes, give us additional additional sort of context on the error. I mean, obviously I know you do public standard user is not going to be doing a lot of this stuff, but obviously that's what you have. The support team here. PreVeil at it is with if you need it.
CLS Corp: Right. I mean because the thing is, if what we're gonna have to do is that if PreVeil doesn't do what it's supposed to do, then they're just going to have to email support directly. And CC me on it. But the does lead into the performance issues. Because usually if something goes wrong, then we just wait an hour and then try it again and then it works
CLS Corp: That's why I'm pointing to performance issues with it, because nothing else will change in our environment. We won't reboot, we won't clear about browser cache none of our regular troubleshooting. Just come back to it in an hour and then it's functioning.
Christopher Veneto: Gotcha. Gotcha. Yeah, I mean, that would be confounding. Yeah. I mean, honestly, to get more context on this. I mean, we have to get on call with affected users reproduce the issues, gather logs look at the developer logs, use that Li tool if needed. Because that again can tell us if they're like, as an active job running or somebody like you try. One example is like maybe if you have trying to share a folder and like, somebody has a file locked for adding in that folder sometimes cause a block, but the additional tools that we use. Definitely help diagnose and if we can get a better handle on some of these errors as they're occurring and get that additional context, I think that's gonna help us better inform how we can best resolve them for you.
CLS Corp: Yeah. The issue there is that again, when I said if we wait an hour, it'll come back. So we would need someone from PreVeil who's essentially available to us within 5 minutes to do a call in order to show you what's going on.
Christopher Veneto: Right. Sure. Sure. Yeah, I mean, yeah, my recommendation there is like, yeah, when the issue happens, open a ticket right away in the subject line put you know urgent or something like that big capital letters because I mean, that always sticks out to us. We see something that has like, something like that in the subject line. We try to jump on those right away. And obviously I'm familiar with the issues you're having here. So like, I'll keep an eye on for that stuff. If I'm not available when that ticket comes in, I can ask one of my team is to jump on a call with you right away. I mean
Robin Barrow: Yeah, I mean, if possible because I can I don't get nearly as many tickets as Chris or the team does. So if you add me or email me, I can also notify them as well.
Christopher Veneto: Yeah. That's another great. A good idea.
Robin Barrow: I mean, to jump uh
Christopher Veneto: No, not at all, Robin. Yeah. I mean, having as many contact points here to get these issues over to us. I mean, it's definitely gonna definitely going to hopefully help us get get somebody on a call with you right away.
CLS Corp: Yeah, I mean, that's why I'm looking because otherwise I have like, no, no way to tell exactly what's what the issue is. Because if in our environment, we're not receiving any any issues because we have our own troubleshooting that we go through. And there's just some things that we're not going to be able to see even though I've checked to see if we could, but at least didn't see the information in any of the source files that I have available on my PC for PreVeil in order to check any of those things. Whenever coming across these issues and either I have to wait just wait an hour or tell someone to wait an hour and come back to it. Then that's the only thing I can assume is either a that your service is running slow or be the connection got interrupted. And we have to wait for it to reconnect.
CLS Corp: Speaking of while I was doing that share and I can only do one user at a time. It did take around 30 minutes for that share. Um
Christopher Veneto: Was it was that was at the very it was it the first time you've ever shared that folder?
CLS Corp: So this was one of the first ones that has probably over 5 gigs worth of data in that folder.
CLS Corp: And I couldn't do more than one person. I didn't do one person at a time and it took about around 30 minutes for it to to make that one share and it didn't have any error messages with it, other than contact support. Um
Christopher Veneto: But again, was it the first time you've ever tried to share that folder or hadn't been?
CLS Corp: Shared what with somebody no. I did share the folder with somebody else. So each time I added a person, it was around 30 minutes.
Christopher Veneto: Okay. Yeah. So obviously that's something we want to look at. The reason I asked the question is because the first time you share a folder, all the contents that folder have to get wrapped in the encryption keys. And if it's a larger folder with more data, it does take long. We do have a best practice recommendation here. If it's the first time you're sharing planning on sharing a folder. And if you know, there's gonna be a lot of data in it. The recommendation is to create the folder and share it empty before you start populating the data because it should share fairly quick if you share it empty and then you put the data in and it gets everything wrapped and while you're doing that.
CLS Corp: But to the point you're making here
Christopher Veneto: Typically, what should happen is after that first share happens and everything gets wrapped. The subsequent share should be quicker. So the if after you know, if the first person you try to share it was like 5 gigabytes for half an hour. That would not surprise me, but if you then want to share with the second person after it's already been shared with the birth is took another half hour, then, yes. That would speak to a performance if there could issue because it shouldn't have taken that long the second time.
CLS Corp: Right. And then um
CLS Corp: I think and then finally I don't know if any of these issues would have been solved if we had done a software update. The thing is we don't have an it department. So any and we don't have someone who can push out these updates on a regular basis. We essentially have to open up a ticket with our service provider. And then because of the current cms situation, it's something that could take months before they get around to doing that.
CLS Corp: So that's why we were hoping that. There was some kind of auto update or features so that we don't have to have someone either doing a a global policy push or going to people's laptops to do it. I'm not sure right now if we could even do a global policy push. I think our it department. They're currently working on creating user groups so that we could have like, a people who would have PreVeil installed on their machines. Yeah.
Christopher Veneto: We yeah, we do have some auto update that we will actually from this end push auto updates from time to time. We don't do it for every build. I would say, generally speaking, we may do it a couple of times a year. Generally if there's like a major bill that has a major new piece of functionality or some like, very important bug fixing, we want to make sure we try to get out to everyone. We will do is a couple of times a year where we will try to push out updates from our side to all of our customers, all of our users. Now that being said even when we do these pushes, it is gonna miss some people because we do it in waves. We have different groups that we you know, do we start off small, maybe do like 500 at a time and then as we ramp up and do larger groups. And if your device is not online when we make that push then you don't get the update. So. So obviously, sometimes there's gonna be some stragglers. You might have to still handle maybe individually. But yeah, for the big important builds. Yeah, we do push out some more updates here. Occasionally during the
CLS Corp: Okay. Because right now we only do like any type of manual updates that are done by our it department only happens once a year we depend on auto updating for everything else. And we only have one other vendor who we have an issue with when it comes to the stuff. All of our other vendors that it's been working. We are looking at potentially making a quarterly review for our software. But we don't know we might be stuck in in just a annual cycle with our software.
CLS Corp: Gotcha. Just certainly keep in mind with how we work. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
Christopher Veneto: Sounds good. I mean, that's something I can we will obviously have a note of that here to to read it internally.
Robin Barrow: Yeah. And Chris, would the new cloud drive feature that's hopefully gonna be released soon. That will be an auto update. I know that not
Christopher Veneto: Yeah. Not not initially. Robin I know. Yeah, we've been having some internal about that on the Support team. Not initially because now we're anticipating that. All not all of our customers may want to go to cloud drive.
Robin Barrow: Right away. Okay. Does make sense, yeah.
Christopher Veneto: Yeah, yeah. We're I'm sure. Eventually, we'll do it, but I don't really know what the plan is, but I know yeah, I know it's not going to be initially. So for the cloud drive, it is gonna be a manual update that that will be asking a customer to do initially the existing customers that already that already have some version of PreVeil.
Robin Barrow: That makes sense. Yeah. Yeah. James that has been a request for some time. And I know our product team is on it. If there's a way for it. Again, it's going to be a difficult bill, but they are aware that a lot of our customers are starting to ask for auto updates. Just this day and age.
CLS Corp: Just okay. Yeah. Yeah. We don't have an issue if it's a major version release, like I said, it's once a year, it's not an issue. And especially with the our new cyber security requirements from the doc if there when it's if it's an auto update for a minor version, it's fine. Yeah. Then it's something that where the vendor is telling us that we have to take action. Then it's like we have to go through like a configuration change review and stuff like that.
CLS Corp: But anyway, so yes. My our next because we haven't fully implemented PreVeil yet. It's right now we're doing either dead programs or mostly dead programs. So within probably the next 3 months we're planning on going full all of our stuff. We're gonna be completely off of SharePoint and onto PreVeil. My next migration is gonna occur on Tuesday, February, third, so it's next Tuesday. So that's why if it's if the system is still slow and I'm gonna try the command line interface. But then and that one's the last one was and I wasn't even expecting it to be this big, but it was like 450 gigabytes.
Robin Barrow: Last one was okay. Yeah.
CLS Corp: And that was only like, half the program. So yeah, the program had changed changed handlers. So we had one customer who was doing it, but then the customer decided not to participate in it. So they passed us off to their customer. Were were a subcontractor on it and then we became the prime. So we took all the data from when were subcontractors. And that's when we that was the that was like 450 gigs just from that. So then, it's next phase is gonna be where we're the prime. I don't expect it to be 450 gigs for that one. But some of the programs that are alive right now, they could be they're gonna be around 500 gigabytes. We estimate that overall we have like 3 terabytes. So we have a bunch of programs that are very small. It's just that we have 3 or 4 big guys. That could be potentially that could potentially be a serious problem.
CLS Corp: We're trying to work here. Just so that culture speaking, we stop with the excessive data. We understand we're part of the problem, but at the same time we've been functioning fine for probably 3 years with one drive. And now that's why we're concerned here, because the people here just aren't aren't used to waiting for the computer to respond.
Robin Barrow: Yeah. And correct me if I'm wrong, Chris, but our cloud drive function should assist with that. But
Christopher Veneto: At the moment. Yeah, no. I think it should I should specify one point here. I mean, keep in mind that obviously one drive a different system than PreVeil. And one drive the lay of complexity, I think that we have here. The kind of to factor in a little bit with performance is that one drive isn't encrypted the way the PreVeil is, right? So adding the encryption, getting stuff encrypted, decry Ted when syncing. Obviously, that is going to add require a little bit more a little bit more
CLS Corp: I'm going to be honest with you. We look at our bare minimum of what we need to comply and then we look at the cost. So if if you guys have 3 extra layers, but we only need one layer, we're not gonna give you credit for the extra 2 layers.
CLS Corp: Micro. Microsoft is also currently 3 times more expensive than you guys. So that's why we didn't want to pursue Microsoft and but I just wanted to keep them we can't give you extra credit for something that. We don't need I just want to give you just a precaution on that. Yeah. When we do our yeah. When we do our analysis, we don't look at extras. We only look at Barnes sites. And our employees here are not a extra bells and whistles type either. They're not gonna care.
Christopher Veneto: Yeah. Talking about extra bells and whistles. I'm just talking about like I said, one drive is not a drive. PreVeil is so when you're adding something to one drive or thinking something down from one drive, you don't have to address that additional layer of encryption or decrying that data when you're doing so. Because one thing to might help a little bit as well. But the context is that PreVeil your data is actually being encrypted encrypted. You can crypt it and decided on the endpoint, but we're not encryption the data when it gets to the server. By the time it gets to the server is already been encrypted because it gets encrypted on the endpoint on your computer. So obviously, it just requires a little bit more a little bit more processing power to be able to do that. So again, it's a minor thing, but just yeah, the point in front of make is that it's just by nature. It's probably even working at its best. Is still probably gonna be a little slower than one drive because, you know of the encryption and description happening on the endpoint itself.
Robin Barrow: Part of the requirement for cms.
CLS Corp: But right. Yeah, no. I should mention that our SharePoint service is compliant. The only thing is that the reason why Microsoft doesn't want us to use it is our it. Yeah. And that's because they don't they're requiring that we use their reporting system that we don't that's why it's 3 times the cost. If they didn't require us to use their reporting system then then we could have just stayed where we're at. Well, we would have been okay where we're at. I have to admit our users aren't great with one drive either. But you know, cost wise at our current tier. We would be able to do it's just that with our with Microsoft is requiring an extra piece of software that only does reporting. Yeah.
Robin Barrow: And I get it. I mean, majority of our users, especially the end users. A lot of them are like, yeah, we need PreVeil to be compliant and we just want it to work, right? I can see where your users are coming from. Yeah, we don't really care about the extra layer of encryption. We just wanted to work.
CLS Corp: Right. Right. And I
Robin Barrow: Understand that. And I guess from my point and then I do have to jump because I do have another call, but from my point, you all do have a renewal coming up in June. We're always willing to negotiate and talk about what is the what has the past year for you all look like with PreVeil? What can we do to make it better? I know in the loop of discounts or extensions, anything like that. I'm always happy to chat about that. We want you using PreVeil. We want you to feel good about PreVeil, especially as you go through, SMS. Because that's not easy to be in with. So just know that I'm here. I'm gonna advocate to you to our leadership and yeah. Let's hopefully get this.
Robin Barrow: You all.
CLS Corp: I can let you know what our timeline is though for a certification because we're looking at August. That's why everything's gotta be yes, working 100% by the time our auditor comes in. Because if not, we're gonna my boss is gonna be happy with me after spending all this money. And then our we have a customer that's writing our back right now. Over overall stuff too. So yeah. The that's why that's why it's we're trying to make sure all these boxes are checked now because come August we could be in serious trouble.
Robin Barrow: No. Yeah. And we obviously we want to use score. Well, if you all score well, we score well, do you know who you're using for C 3 PO?
CLS Corp: Not yet. Scott Scott's been leading up choosing one. Because okay. I know everyone's been saying that PreVeil handles half of our objectives. But what we do here, it PreVeil helping us with maybe 10%, 15%. We have a lot of cultural issues here. That's why we are we're trying to hit everything we can and we need to get everyone used to using PreVeil asap. Because that is something that could fail us is just the fact that people are. If anyone tries to go around PreVeil that could fail us to show that people can't get around it.
Robin Barrow: Would those policies and procedures? Yeah.
CLS Corp: Procedures. All of our laptops have to be in scope. Because with it there's just there's no way for us to to to do our work without for that stuff without being on our laptop. So that's why we we have a lot of these concerns so that we're trying to make sure that
CLS Corp: We don't get anyone trying to be sneaky and figuring out how to to move stuff around. I mean, even with the PreVeil email because we're gonna start forcing them that if they try to use their regular e mail that they're gonna get a rejection when they attach files, if the e mail is too big. So that's why to make sure all this is functioning before. People start I don't know what they would do, but if they have to make sure that they don't figure something out.
Robin Barrow: Yeah. No, I get it. It. We do have this is my last point. I'm like, we do have A C 3 PO partner network. I don't know if Scott is aware of them. I would definitely I believe with Jamie. Yes. Okay.
CLS Corp: Yes. Hi, Robin I just walked in. I worked with Jamie. He gave us a 7 in the northeast and we've actually interviewed all of them. So just need proposals. We just need proposals from from to just just 2 more. And they should come this week and our plan is to by by Tuesday next week. We're probably going to down select to to to the top 3 and then make a decision from there.
Robin Barrow: Okay. Excellent. All right. Yeah. No, that's good. I'm glad. Jamie was able to assist with that. And just keep us posted. I am gonna send over a recap of everything we chatted about today. I know this is a ongoing project. And I know you have deadlines coming up. I think the next is the big migration you want to do in the next couple of days. And you have the CI tool. Again, I'm not super technical. So I do do you want assistance? Do you want me to put together some project on that? Do you feel comfortable doing that?
CLS Corp: Right now. No, I have all the information I need. Provided it, but I did see up there. When we had our various types of onboarding and presentations on it. I did make the mistake of trying to do it without the CI and it was a bit of a disaster. It took I think it was probably about play around 200 gigs and it took a week to get into I'll try the Li one of the big problems is that we just we I guess the people here are relatively new to version controls. So only about half the company is accustomed to that. So prior to that and a lot of them just they kept on saving their work every day as a new file. Oh so
Robin Barrow: About yeah, your gig count. That's just adding as you mentioned.
CLS Corp: Yeah. So some of our newer stuff won't be as bad. But there's also just a ton of things that where we have to keep a paper trail from from the customer. Which is always a nightmare, but we just don't have a workaround for it.
Robin Barrow: And Chris, I just made you the host because I do have to jump uh
Christopher Veneto: I actually as well, I have a call coming up here in 5 minutes, yeah.
Robin Barrow: Okay. But like I said, I'm gonna send a recap. I really appreciate you both taking the time and jumping on. And this is always really helpful for us just to get an understanding of what our customers are seeing and where they're running into issues. So I appreciate it and then again, please, feel free to reach out if anything else comes up and we're here to support you.
Christopher Veneto: And from my point is, I'm gonna ask Paul to reach out with the information about the beta test for the cloud drive. If you want I'll send all that over to you. It looks like something that you'd be amenable to try it out. I think it's worth giving that a shot as well.
CLS Corp: Okay. Great. Thank you. Excellent. Thanks, guys. Thank
Robin Barrow: You go over.
CLS Corp: I appreciate it. Thanks. Bye. Bye.