Account: Confluent, Inc.
Call Date: 2026-01-29
Duration: 00:35:34
Participants: Emily deBettencourt, Gregg Laroche, Angel Liu, George Lee, Christopher Farley, Andrew Hennigan, Karimat Kadiri

======================================================================

Emily deBettencourt: So
Andrew Hennigan: Hey, Emily, how's it going?
Emily deBettencourt: Good, good. How's everyone doing today?
Emily deBettencourt: Good.
Christopher Farley: Hey, pretty Chris. Good deal with. Hey, Andrew.
Andrew Hennigan: Trying to warm up freezing cold outside here on the east coast.
Emily deBettencourt: Yeah.
Emily deBettencourt: I feel for you guys. I'm Phoenix based. So we're having like the best weather ever right now and are not on the same planet. Is you?
Andrew Hennigan: It's 17 degrees outside it's like
Andrew Hennigan: Horrible.
Emily deBettencourt: I keep trying to tell PreVeil let's move our headquarters from Boston to Phoenix. Come on now. Everyone get on my wave link.
Andrew Hennigan: Makes so much sense.
Emily deBettencourt: I know. Where are you guys located again?
Andrew Hennigan: Well, I am I'm on the east coast, like in Maryland?
Emily deBettencourt: Yeah. Maryland is not looking too pretty right now. Boston either. So
Karimat Kadiri: Yeah. Luckily for us we have more snow coming this weekend, but I think
Emily deBettencourt: I heard it's gonna come through again on Saturday. So soon as you guys kind of got yourself out of it's coming again.
Karimat Kadiri: Yeah. I actually think it's off the forecast and I just checked. So we'll see it's just gonna be really cold.
Emily deBettencourt: Well, it's good.
Emily deBettencourt: All right. Let me ping Greg here. He's gonna give us.
Emily deBettencourt: Some updates. Let's see.
Emily deBettencourt: He's coming from another call, so he's probably just running a few minutes over here.
Emily deBettencourt: Did you guys get your get the body of evidence from Yasmine on our side yet?
Emily deBettencourt: Or are we waiting until we get a little closer to your date?
Kathy Kim: I think you are going to send it closer to the date, but if you can send that as soon as possible, I might as well start
Emily deBettencourt: Yeah, we can get you access. And then, of course get you a newer version. If things change, I'll tee that up with Jasmine.
Emily deBettencourt: Let me just ping Greg here.
Emily deBettencourt: So
Emily deBettencourt: One thing I have on my list for today that you guys wanted to talk about was so is that right?
Christopher Farley: Yeah. And along the lines of what the
Christopher Farley: Um
Christopher Farley: Product roadmap look like and yeah, so was one of the questions that I had?
Emily deBettencourt: Okay. Okay. Great. So we'll do obviously product roadmap and some of the questions that you guys around have around that, but also want to give you a peek at the C tool as well.
Emily deBettencourt: Yeah. Greg just replied back. He's running a couple of minutes behind. So sorry, everyone.
Kathy Kim: I think I don't Emily. I don't know if you've had a chance to meet Paul slide yet.
Emily deBettencourt: No. I don't recognize the name. Paul. Nice to meet you. Emily. Good to meet you as well. Yeah. Yeah. And Greg just joined us. So welcome Gregg.
Kathy Kim: Manages our risk management team. So he had interest in learning more about the Jersey tool. Perfect. How it enables the CMOS work and potentially other things.
Emily deBettencourt: Awesome. Great. Well, I will kick things off with introductions. Greg, can you hear me all right?
Gregg Laroche: I can hear you couldn't hear me? I was muted. All fine.
Emily deBettencourt: All right. Good. So Greg oversees our product team here at PreVeil as well as our compliance team here at PreVeil. So I know you guys had questions from both camps and thought Greg would be the perfect person for you all to meet with because he can touch on on both and kind of cover all the bases for us. Greg, I've got the confluence team on the line here. We had a really great welcome call. They had a lot of interesting questions about PreVeil their specific environment. They're curious about the GRC tool. We touched on that a little bit. Correct me if I'm wrong, but you guys are using google sheets right now to kind of collect all of your evidence and keep things organized? Is that right?
Kathy Kim: We have some excel trackers, but we do have another GRC platform that we use for evidence and controls.
Emily deBettencourt: That's right. You guys had a GRC tool that was being used in other departments. Was that right?
Emily deBettencourt: Maybe I'm confusing you with another customer. Either way, we want to talk a little bit about our tool. They had some great questions around so and potentially enabling that for per bail on our roadmap and lots of other interesting stuff. So I'll pass it over to the confluence team to kind of kick things off or we can start with the GRC tool. A quick demo, just a sneak peek of that for you guys. What do you think?
Kathy Kim: Let's get right into a quick demo. Because I think we also wanted to talk a little bit more about the product roadmap. Okay.
Emily deBettencourt: Okay. Great. Greg, I don't know if you want to do that. Or if you want me to show is on my um
Gregg Laroche: I have it right in front of me here, somewhere.
Emily deBettencourt: Okay.
Gregg Laroche: Where are you?
Gregg Laroche: Oh, there it is. Yeah, I'm running it now. So we can use mine if you want. Sure. Let me share.
Gregg Laroche: Swing this into frame.
Gregg Laroche: So let me give you a little context before we jump in. We have worked with a bunch of GRC tools over the years. There are hundreds of them on the market hundreds and we had some complicated ones. We had some expensive ones. We had some more affordable ones. We work we learned a lot. So then one of the partnerships we had went away, they there was a business reorganization and we couldn't use a certain product anymore. So we went on on a search. We said, let's find one that is good for our target market, which is a lot of small midsized businesses that don't have a lot of compliance staff. We also obviously have larger enterprise customers, but you know, we wanted to try to find that balance between easy to use, simplicity and low cost. And we went out and looked at dozens of these things. And this is the one we chose it is super simple, very easy to use, very easy to learn and does not cost a ton of money, but it doesn't have all the really cool bells and whistles that some of the more fancy ones have, right? That's the trade off. So basically, you'll see there's one framework in here. It's the cms framework, the vendor, it's a vendor does support multiple frameworks, but we are only integrated with the cms framework we being prevailed. So so when you get into controls, you'll notice as a top level navigation, it has the dashboard where what we were just seeing, there's a system security plan header section for the non control date information. There's a control section, which is where we are now, which is basically all the controls and the status of every control. And we'll drill into that. These you can dive into anyone control very easily, then there's a policy and procedure library. There's a risk management risk register tool. There's approvals and reports, which actually will spit out documents out of the system, like a pm or even an SP. And then there's the compliance accelerator library, which is a pre filled set of documentation based on a company. We call Acme corp, which is a sample knowledge worker corporation that has 25 employees and 10 of them use UI. And it's their incomplete document set and it's been assessed by third party assessor and it's kind of ready to go. But it's obviously based on a fictional company, but all those documents are available to be integrated into this environment. So we offer all the same documents in our compliance accelerator, but instead of having to cut and paste them between the 2 environments, we just put them in here. So they come pre loaded. So if you look in here, you'll see for every control family, there is a set of sample documents from Acme. Like this is access control, awareness and training, audit and accountability. So for all the 14 families, there are example documents of that have been assessed by an assessor that are ready to go. You use those as a model. You take these down edit them so they match your company's implementation and then upload them to the policy and procedure library once they're yours because obviously you can't use the Acme documents as is because they aren't your company, but they're a good starting point. And and that's meant to save time and documenting your program. And then as you build out this library, it will go back to controls now and tie it all together. So now I'm in controls, I built out my library. I'm gonna drill into one control and I'll see all the implementation objectives for that control. All the controls in this 801. So if you want to have one or more objectives that have to be met, in this case, 3 dot one has 6 objectives, they all have to be met or the control is not satisfied. So you can see here, 5 of them are done. One of them is not the control is therefore listed as partially implemented. And underneath is the implementation statement that references the Acme documentation that is applicable to this control. So you can see the citations here to the documents. You can see the actual implementation statement, the shared responsibilities for each objective and basically a full implementation statement for this control based on Acme. So again, you'd have to go in and edit that, but it's a good starting place. But on the left side nav, you have the ability to attach things. To this control. So here is the assessment view. And then we go into the policy view and you can attach anything from the policy library and bring it in and associate it with this control. If the implementation statement says we keep this policy in this particular document you want that document associated with this control. So you just kind of mapping whatever it says in your implementation statement, whatever documents are referenced here, you then bring in here and then if it's not in your repo, if it's just another supporting document, like a piece of evidence, for example, that you want to associate with the control, a screenshot of meeting notes, whatever you put that in here in artifacts. So it's a separate place to store things that are not in your document repo but need to be stored against the control. And then you have different kinds of tasks you can assign. So you have your action items, which are one time tasks basically fix this, please and assign that to somebody in the system will bug them to take that action through email and that's a one time task. And then you have your continuous monitoring actions, which are things you have to do all the time for your compliance program according to your procedures. So let's say you have to do something monthly, you put in a monthly task here and it'll remind the person responsible every month to do it. And it's really just a very, very simple workflow tool. And then you can add comments and stuff here. If you want to track what's going on with the control over time. That's the control view. We talked about building the library. The only thing we didn't oops, I went to the wrong tab. The only thing we didn't talk about was risk management, which is how do you build a risk register is a requirement of 801 71. So you do have to have one, you may have one already you may not. If you don't, this is a really cool little tool for every risk. You identify there's a little wizard that walks you through how to score it and record it in the register and then the register builds out over time and you get a little heat maps. It's very nice little widget. If you don't already have a risk management framework. You do have to have one. So this is nice if you need it and then reports are when you know, basically after you've populated, all this information in the controls and then the other areas of the product, then you can spit out that data. So if you want to look at the open POS you can view that and it'll just give you a list of all the open actions and where they're at. If you want to see an SP, you can look at that and it'll give you the system security plan as it currently sits. Right right now. You can generate multiple versions over time and the system keeps older versions, but updates you to the view the latest one whenever you want, but you can actually go back in time and look at previous versions. So it's pretty good for document control in terms of the reporting. But again, very simple. So you see there's a thread. There a common theme. That's really it. That's all there is to it's meant to be just a project management tool for cms, easy to use, easy to learn, not too expensive. So that's what we offer.
Gregg Laroche: Very cool.
Kathy Kim: Through clarification. So I might have just do others have questions about the functionality?
Kathy Kim: Um
Andrew Hennigan: I just have I mean, this is Andrew. I like the it was a really good demo. Greg for when it comes to uploading the documentation I guess in into spurs and everything. What does that process look like with the tool itself?
Gregg Laroche: Yeah. I mean, if you're gonna use these the reports, this system generates as your documents, then you would basically export them from the tool and then upload them to SPs. Because you do have to upload them. And they you know, they and they'll accept document format, pdf format, whatever format the files are in is fine you just but you do have to upload with spurs. You do have to upload your score and your system security plan. And if you have a PO that to usually. So yeah, does the
Andrew Hennigan: Tool include any sort of like spurs number?
Gregg Laroche: Voicing number. Yeah, that's built into the dashboard and and the control view. Every control has its point value shown and as you complete them, your dashboard improves your score over time.
Andrew Hennigan: Okay. Okay. Yeah, I didn't when you had it up, I didn't see it. That's a
Gregg Laroche: Yeah. It's there. It's on the left side. And okay. This particular demo environment is only 11% implemented. So the score is negative 1 76 right now. In the demo. Yeah. Can you show us what that dashboard looks like again?
Paul Slye: Even it's partially
Gregg Laroche: Let me bring that back up. Hang on.
Gregg Laroche: Should see it shortly. But here's the score. I was referring to it's right here.
Andrew Hennigan: Oh, okay. I see it.
Gregg Laroche: And and it's based on this status that you're seeing here in this line here. So 11 controls 99 remaining, 11 done. That's not good. Your 11% progress represents this score. And you can see some other things about action items that are open do pass due. And you can see kind of a high level control status here, too. And then if we drill into the controls, you can see their point values right here. This is a 5 this is a one this is a 3 see what I'm saying. Yeah.
Andrew Hennigan: Yeah. When you were going through, you're going through this in the tasks. Like if you need to set the recurring tasks, like the con man type tasks or even like, just a one off tasking and you said it like it sends like an email, is it does it send that email? I'm assuming because it is probably within PreVeil itself. At least the cms level 2 I guess on cave I just want on cave in that aspect. Does it send that email to like, your PreVeil e mail or does it send it to your? what would be like your Confluent email?
Gregg Laroche: Yeah. It sends it to you. We work irregular email through the commercial mail system because the tool itself does not source UI. So it's not considered a co service or a cloud service that is processing Co. So it's it is hosted in Azure gov on a separate in a separate domain and the emails are coming from there. So they will go to your commercial mailbox, they're not coming from PreVeil.
Andrew Hennigan: Okay. You're not getting regular. So when it basically the email basically just says like, generic stuff, hey, you have a an overdue task in your cms PreVeil.
Andrew Hennigan: Whatever the package name is, you need to go in and check in and update it.
Gregg Laroche: Type thing. Yeah. Yeah. It gives you a link to log in to this environment. But yeah, that's what the email basically says. Yeah.
Andrew Hennigan: Okay.
Gregg Laroche: And it tells you what the task is. But it doesn't you can't do it in the email. You have to like go here to do it to accomplish it, yeah.
Gregg Laroche: For items in here is
Paul Slye: There a way to relate controls to assets. If there's different software and user, things like that.
Gregg Laroche: No. It's not generally required. But the asset inventories go here in system environment. So this is where you upload your hardware and software libraries or inventories and your network diagram. Anything else you want to have here and you can import and export these to update them over time. And you can either have that replace or append. And this is where those inventories live. And that's the requirement is that you have to track them. They're not associated with specific controls.
Gregg Laroche: Okay. If we
Paul Slye: Wanted to say hey, these systems are related to this control. We upload the overall inventory and then do some sort of linkage inside there.
Gregg Laroche: Yeah, that you reference it in the control itself. In your implementation statement, you would say for this control, we use this system and you know, in the statement and that would reference the appropriate piece of inventory, but the inventory doesn't have to be here in the control. But if you do want to reference a piece of technology in here then yeah, that's where this goes. You'll see a lot of things PreVeil drive that the drive supports this control. So it's mentioned here, but it's not the inventory is not here. Does that make sense?
Paul Slye: Yeah. I think it's some other tools that I've seen like the concept of a control activity where you take a control written as such plus the system. And then you test that specific system. That's different.
Gregg Laroche: Yeah. Those are more advanced. Those are way more advanced tools that actually go out and find find assets. And then then they handle the asset inventory differently because they're discovering assets and then they're actually measuring the asset compliance itself. They're actually querying those assets and saying oh, do you have this turned on? Do you have that turned on? And so those are the super advanced ones that cost lots of money, but we don't have those features.
Kathy Kim: How does this work with the body of evidence for for corporate Bal?
Gregg Laroche: It doesn't because that's not required in your cms, boundary. The body of evidence is required for cloud services that process UI which PreVeil is. And so your obligation as an SC is to review the body of evidence and basically make sure the CSP is meeting those requirements. They don't get incorporated into your program. You're basically just saying you have a checklist somewhere that's saying like, yeah, we check the be, it's current accurate and complete. That's your responsibility. You don't have to actually incorporate any of the be content into your program.
Gregg Laroche: Got it.
Kathy Kim: And then what kind of customization did you have to do for loading the cms controls into the PreVeil is
Gregg Laroche: That was done in cooperation with the vendor that hosts the service. So that we work together to do the customization. So it's kind of hard wired. We don't over time we'll have a road map or we'll probably make enhancements based on customer feedback and maybe add documents or make it more usable or what have you over time. But that's all stuff we have to do together with the provider.
Gregg Laroche: Okay.
Kathy Kim: And then it might be a little early, but what's the cost of using something like this with our cms implementation and assessment?
Gregg Laroche: Yeah. It's currently priced as Emily can get you the particulars, but it's currently priced as an add on or an option to the PreVeil accelerator subscription. So the accelerator gets you access to the compliance content, which includes the 10 step to compliance tutorials. It includes all PreVeil university includes a whole bunch of stuff. Plus it includes the Acme documentation that you saw in the tool. But once you have the once you have that entitlement, then there's an additional charge for the actual tool. If you want it's optional. Accelerator, you can buy accelerator with or without GRC basically is how it goes.
Emily deBettencourt: Yeah, I can send you guys a quote. I'd be happy to do that.
Kathy Kim: Nice. Well, thank you for the walkthrough. That was really helpful to see it live.
Gregg Laroche: Yeah. No problem. Yeah.
Gregg Laroche: I've looked at so many of these GRC tools. I feel like I know them all, but I don't yeah.
Kathy Kim: Yeah. It's a really, really fascinating space.
Kathy Kim: Yeah, there's a lot.
Paul Slye: Out there for sure. I guess, in terms of the reporting part is that I saw you had pointed out some default reports, were there also ability for us to make any customized reports as well.
Gregg Laroche: No. Not currently that would have to be if you want a specific report, we'd have to work with the vendor and build it for you.
Gregg Laroche: If there's so if there's something missing and if we thought it was something every customer might like, then we might just build it and add it in to everyone's tenant. We could do that too. But that's there's no customization on your side like you can't customize it.
Emily deBettencourt: All right. And I know you guys had some questions around our product roadmap particular particularly around single sign on Greg. We touched a little bit on that with our last call to doesn't have password. So we don't typically see our customers integrating with their single sign on. But Chris team, I'll pass it to you.
Christopher Farley: Sure. Yeah, I'll jump in. The specific question is like skim provisioning. So yeah, almost everything we do right now for all other staff products is managed through our act instance. We set up API and provision users. So just curious if that's on the roadmap to set up something like that. I think we potentially be interested in also being able to do adding like a single sign on process. So yeah. If the if someone got access to one of these machines that wouldn't just get access to all this data, they would also have to go through like a sign of procedure. So yeah, just just curious if any of those things were on on your radar or kind of where they might be if they are
Gregg Laroche: Sure. That's a great question. Is one we get a lot and the reason that we didn't have this right away in the product is because of the product itself. This is a little bit in the weeds, but it's I think it's fun to know the product itself has no session. So we're a session list product. And so every single interaction between the client and the back end service cloud, every single call is authenticated on both ends crypto. Graphically, every single call. So it's highly secure, but we can't do cool things because we don't have a session. So we are working right now as we speak on designing and delivering auto session capability in the product. And the first step of that will be a kind of a login logout service. And then the second step is going to be integrating that with the directory. I mean, integrating that with an identity provider like act. And then third phase would be integrating with directory services groups and provisioning. So it's all common, but we it all gets built on session, which we don't have. So we're building session first and then we're gonna add so next. And then we're gonna add skim and I skim and directory groups, third. So then this is all gonna happen this year. But that's the order you're gonna see it in. So so probably a queue to late delivery the others, Q3, Q4, so by the end of the year, we should have all of it.
Gregg Laroche: Okay. Great.
Christopher Farley: Yeah. I think those were the I mean, those were the main questions that I had and things I was curious about I don't know if anyone has additional questions that they wanted to ask where I know we're about at time.
Kathy Kim: I know we just have 2 minutes. We might need to schedule another meeting, but I did want to follow up on Emily's response back on the cloud view. Only slash configurations trying to find it so I can refer to it. Um
Kathy Kim: Check in. Um
Kathy Kim: Okay. So view only permissions. So if we enable that in our PreVeil instance to do view only sharing the permissions, does that mean the people who receive those view only? Documents will be able to download them onto their local drive?
Gregg Laroche: That's correct. They can just look at the document in a browser viewer.
Kathy Kim: Okay. And then is there a way to edit the document?
Gregg Laroche: Not in view. Only now you can edit them and if you have edit permission or you can move them or make a copy, if you have read permission. But if you have a view permission, you can only view that's all you can do.
Gregg Laroche: Got it. There are 4 levels of permissions you can assign and the lowest permission is view and then read and then edit. And then the highest permission is edit and share, which means you can edit it and share it with other people. So in that you can control all that when you create the folder and do the initial sharing. So if you don't want people to be able to share it further, then you don't give them the share key. You just give them whatever key they need. So if they need to edit, then you got to give them the edit key, then they can edit
Gregg Laroche: It
Kathy Kim: But then I guess this might be kind of a silly question if they do have the ability to to edit. Okay. Download they'd be downloading it onto their own computer. And wouldn't that defeat the point of the UI handling if they're able to move it to their local drives.
Gregg Laroche: Not necessarily an any endpoint that it's all based on roles and responsibilities in scope. So a user that has in their role processing UI and they're a user and they're authorized to process. On their end point, then there's no compliance problem with them downloading something and working on it. That's part of their job. You just have to have controls in place so that nobody else can do that. So that a non co user or a non co endpoint should not shall not access that UI. But somebody that has to use I in their job, they're totally allowed to use it. That's that's not a problem. You just have to have controls around it.
Gregg Laroche: But that endpoint is certainly in scope. And the endpoint is almost always in scope and not really almost always always so any endpoint that's processing and processing includes viewing. So any co, touching a computer in any way, puts that computer in scope and there's no way to avoid it other than virtual Latin.
Gregg Laroche: So if you're trying to use view only to keep machines machines out of scope, it doesn't work that way. If someone's viewing on a machine, they're in scope, doesn't matter who they are. If they're in your company out of your company doesn't matter. So like, wherever the UI goes, compliance must follow.
Kathy Kim: Even even with the view only me sharing permission, yeah.
Gregg Laroche: Yeah. View only is really kind of just to keep people from making changes to things. You don't want them to change and to restrict the things they can do. It's kind of lowering the risk profile for that document, but it's the end point is still in scope.
Kathy Kim: And then another just quick confirmation for the trusted community. If we add an external contact to the trusted community, they will they do they still have to create a PreVeil express account? Or is it considered a like, white listed account?
Gregg Laroche: Um
Gregg Laroche: If yeah, first of all, back to end encryption, right? So end to end encrypted system, only the endpoints can handle photography, right? You need an endpoint to de crypt and see things in PreVeil, whether they're messages or files, doesn't matter it's all the same plumbing and in order to de crypt and see something you need an account. So in all cases, you need an account to interact through the PreVeil system. Now, if you're in a trusted community scenario, then only those in the trusted community can interact, but they all need accounts. So it's really just kind of a list of trusted people or domains that you can or allowing interaction with they do need to have an account in order to de crypt things. The only exception to that is if you're using the email gateway product or the email relay. And that's a way to add actual e mail to the edge of the PreVeil network and that relay relays e mail in and out of PreVeil network. So then in that case, the third party does not need a PreVeil account, but they have to work through the gateway and the and it's email only not files. So that's another that's the only exception to that. Everybody else needs a PreVeil account except for the gateway users.
Gregg Laroche: That's the normal way to operate. Because basically, if I share something with you, if I send you an encrypted message, you're gonna get an email saying, hey, Greg is trying to share an encrypted message with you click here to sign up for express on the portal. It takes 35 seconds. And then now you can read my message because you have keys because you basically have to have crypto graphic capability in order to interact. And so then that's why you need to sign up.
Kathy Kim: Okay.
Kathy Kim: We I think we're still nothing on the trusted community configuration. I think we're definitely leaning towards it, but I just want to understand all the considerations since it seems like it would be an additional a step in the sales process and just just a way
Gregg Laroche: Most of our customers in CRM world use it as a feature. It's it does help with a couple of the access control controls control objectives. So it's a little easier to pass those controls and document them if you use it. So we would like act me, for example, all the example documentation they're using trusted community in their example. And so their documents reflect that. You can pass an audit without it, but it's more complicated. Because now you have more edge cases, the assessor is gonna ask you about and like, well, what about this and what about that? Whereas if you have trusted community, you just say these are the people that's it, end of story. So it's a lot easier to explain to an assessor, yeah.
Kathy Kim: I know that we're definitely over time. Thank you for the time, really helpful.
Gregg Laroche: Yeah. Happy to help. If we need to let me know if we can help more. We're certainly happy to do that.
Kathy Kim: Thank you so much.
Emily deBettencourt: Bye. Thanks everyone.
Gregg Laroche: All right. Thanks. Bye. Bye.