Account: Cornforth Consultants/Landslide Technology
Call Date: 2026-01-16
Duration: 00:08:23
Participants: Zackary Gilman, Tom Westover

======================================================================

Zackary Gilman: So
Zackary Gilman: It looks like we're waiting for David is hey, that Tom correct. Good do morning. You want to wait?
Tom Westover: Yeah. We'll give him a minute morning.
Zackary Gilman: Okay. Sounds great.
Zackary Gilman: So
Zackary Gilman: Hey David. Good morning.
Zackary Gilman: There we go. Good morning.
Zackary Gilman: Awesome. Well, it looks like we got everybody here. Just to kind of kick things off. My name is Zack. I'm from the PreVeil customer success team. This call should be relatively straightforward, relatively simple. It's just to kind of introduce you to myself kind of go over what brought you to PreVeil and sort of what you guys do and we'll dive into some next steps and some resources you've got available to you as well. But yeah, just to kind of kick things off. I always like to hear about what brought you to PreVeil. Usually it's around some sort of cms requirements, but I would just kind of love to hear about what brought you to PreVeil and what you guys do.
Tom Westover: Yeah. CC requirements. So we are a technical engineering firm that provides a specialty engineering services to the core of engineers on their systems of dams and leaves. And we do the evaluations of dams and leaves for Simi safety and food safety and things like that. And so that material is UI and that's how we're in the CC umbrella, outside of the core of engineers we work for private power companies on sort of federally regulated Dan's transportation infrastructure for state dots and things like that. But none of that is under cms.
Zackary Gilman: Makes sense. That's super helpful. Context just like to understand where you guys are coming from or what brought you to cms. Just to kind of go over your licenses. It looks like you guys have 15 licenses with 2 admins. The email gateway as well as the accelerator, if that's correct.
Tom Westover: I think that's right.
Zackary Gilman: Perfect. Yeah, just kind of diving into next steps. So obviously, you booked this welcome call through that welcome email. You get have you guys had a chance to set up your org at all? Would have been that second link sort of loading for Val?
Tom Westover: Yes. So set up I've set up an org. I've invited David I'm not sure if he has joined it yet, so we haven't been able to set that. What is it? Like a
Tom Westover: Recovery group or something like that. So we don't have that quite set up because we don't have 3 people on the system yet. Yes. And we're setting up PreVeil to see how it works, but we do not have our local enclave set up yet. So we're going to have a couple of machines locally that are secured and operated through GCC High Azure ad client and we don't have that part yet. So we're we're UN securely using PreVeil right now to get it kind of up and running. Our primary interest is in the compliance accelerator at this point and understanding what we need to getting those files so that we can start to establish our policies.
Zackary Gilman: Yeah. Definitely. And I can give you the compliance accelerator access right after this call. Would you both want to be on that? You get up to 3 people inside the learning management system?
Tom Westover: Yes, please. It'll be 2 of us and we'll maybe add a third from our managed service provider or it provider.
Zackary Gilman: Yeah. Sure. So whenever this call ends, I'll add you both. So you'll receive an email and then whenever you get that third person can always just shoot over their email first and last and happy to add them. But it's great. You guys have the org setup. That's really kind of the main point of this call is making sure you've got PreVeil downloaded and you're able to access what you actually paid for. The next step would be to be to do a technical on boarding call. So it should be that third link in the welcome email. I'll send all this again as well, if you lost that email. But that
Zackary Gilman: That's more of an hour long technical call with our support slash technical team. So whoever is gonna be the admin overseeing the system, definitely be part of that meeting. I take over your screen. Go over things like recovery group, be able to kind of dive into the whole admin dashboard and it's super useful hour long session, kind of being able to answer any questions that come up and just kind of the full view there.
Zackary Gilman: So whenever you get the org set up, feel free to book that onboarding or whenever is most convenient for your compliance accelerator access. Again, you get up to 3 people inside that system at a time. If you ever wanted somebody removed and somebody else put in there, happy to do that. Just shoot me over an email. Sure. Something to note within the compliance accelerator is it does come with 6 30 minute sessions with our compliance team. Okay. So those great. Those are great for people, use them for different reasons. Like scoping their CI boundary. Maybe it gets closer to an assessment and you want to have those sessions to make sure you're really correct on everything. It's totally up to you and what you wanted to use them for. But they're a great compliance team. They've been through pretty much everything. So definitely take use of them there. And that'll be under additional compliance resources. You'll see it right at the top once you get an accelerator.
Tom Westover: Great.
Zackary Gilman: Some other resources just to note, again, this will be in the follow up email. So no need to to write these down. But support at PreVeil.com that's for any technical related issues. Sending them an email that will automatically create a ticket as well. If that's more convenient for you, we do have another ticketing system that I'll share, but most people the email and then compliance at PreVeil.com. So in addition to the 6 30 minute sessions, you have access to the email compliance at PreVeil.com. They're able to answer any quick one off questions stuff that maybe is not so complex. That would take a whole zoom meeting. Yeah. Those will be able to answer any quick questions. So you don't have to use those 6 30 minute sessions for little stuff here and there. Got it. The only other thing I have on my plate is just to schedule us for a 90 day check in call. So probably looking at the second week of April. Now, what I usually do is I'll just put on probably around this time on that Friday of the second week of April. But if it gets closer to it and it doesn't work out, feel free to change it around can always work to your schedules.
Tom Westover: Yeah. If you can do Thursday. Oh, sorry, April, is it right, April?
Zackary Gilman: Yeah, this would be the second week of April. But if Thursday works better if you happen to
Tom Westover: Put on Thursday would work better the second week of April. Yeah.
Tom Westover: My calendar is terrible.
Zackary Gilman: It sounds like you're really booked up, but yeah, I'll definitely put it in for that Thursday, second week of April. But like I said, this call is very simple straightforward. But I do want to open it up, make sure that if there's any questions, any concerns I address them right off the bat, but that's kind of my feel there.
Tom Westover: No. That's great. That works for us. I think we're yeah, we just need to get into the compliance portion of it.
Zackary Gilman: Awesome. Yeah. So after this, I'll add you both. David, were there any questions or any concerns? No.
Zackary Gilman: I got it installed now and we can start doing new things that we need to group for. Perfect. So you'll see 2 e mails for me. One will actually be from our learning management system. So once you get into that or once you get that, feel free to log into the compliance accelerator. We just ask that you log in before 24 hours because the link will expire, but if you forget just let me know, can always send it again. And then you'll receive just a follow up email with everything we talked about as well as those resources and the links to book with our on our onboarding team as well.
Zackary Gilman: But if there's nothing else, it was great talking to you both. Like I said, I'll be your main point of contact from now on. So you've got my email feel free to reach out to at any point. If anything comes up. Always happy to see in the right direction or hunt for an answer for you guys. But yeah, we'll be talking soon and hope you guys have a great rest of your day.
Tom Westover: All right. Thanks a lot. Zack, we appreciate it.
Zackary Gilman: Thank you. Bye.