Account: CR Access Consulting
Call Date: 2026-01-09
Duration: 00:26:50
Participants: Andrew Meggs, Eric Miller

======================================================================

Andrew Meggs: So
Andrew Meggs: I'm doing well. How are you?
emill: Doing okay. How's new year opening up?
Andrew Meggs: Hello Eric busy. Hi, Andrew how are you? That's pretty usual. Yeah. No, just to keep keeping busy, especially the this this first week after after the new year is a lot of meetings. It's one of those for the like, month leading up to Christmas. Everyone's like, let's circle back after the new year. So now my first week after the new years, just chock full of meetings.
emill: Yeah, yeah. We found the same thing to be the case this week. Interestingly, one of them included getting a call from somebody saying, hey, I just sent you something through PreVeil. I'm just like I don't think I've ever received anything from somebody else and another company through PreVeil. So the long, long story that I won't really bore you with part of which that amazed me is that he felt absolutely compelled to send a contract which had no CI in it through PreVeil. And well with the problem because there was a lot we can't share that with other people that needed to see it.
Andrew Meggs: And uh
emill: There was no need to do that. So we had to essentially call and say, look, we're taking this, we're taking us out of the UI stream. Um
emill: But it was fortunate because at least because he would've been confused otherwise.
emill: I gave him an easy. Nobody ever got fired for over classifying. So I'm gonna over classify so we have that. And then we have a variety of other things involving cms come up that make this meeting very opportune.
emill: So I've not got I know you guys typically have a standard for how you go through this. But one thing I definitely want to talk to you about here today is what benefits can we leverage with our existing relationship to move into the CMC 2 world. We've got consultants already on contract to do this. But we were previously using project spectrum and which I'm sure you've heard of which gets billed pretty universally as a pre service.
emill: What was not made clear to us is the people within project spectrum that we're facilitating our training. Got to the end of CMC one and said. Yeah, now if you want to be CMC 2 there's a fee. We're like no, we're not
emill: So we already had some people we already have some people on the books that we use episodic ally, who have run other companies through CC 1 and 2 one of which has been extraordinarily helpful. So far. The other we really haven't leveraged as much we could. And when we originally signed up for this, we understood that there would be a substantial amount of templates or a library of sorts available that we can use and I need to revisit that. So I wanted to throw that out there as a means of ensuring we got to it in this meeting. But other than that, I leave it to you to do what you normally do.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. That is one of the points I was planning on going over. There's not really like a formal presentation or anything like that, but there's normally like a couple of check in points, one of which is have you gotten into the compliance documentation. I guess that kind of answer.
emill: Would be no because we've been so preoccupied with other things. Now we're ready to do that and I actually need to know where it is again, I'm sure. Sure. And
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. I'll resend a link to it in the follow up email. But basically it's called the compliance accelerator. And it is a I can just probably just easier to show you a video doc series on CMC compliance as well as a repository of documentation templates that are pre written in artifacts and SOPs and all that other fun stuff.
Andrew Meggs: So you technically already have access to this, you have an account, I got. But this what this looks like. So this a you know, you can see these steps here. And basically what we've done is taken a fake company Acme corp and walk it through compliance. And theoretically if you were to do all these steps and do everything you're supposed to say they do in these steps, you'll be ready for an assessment by the end of it. And in each of these steps for instance, step 6 documentation, there's a video over about exactly what you need to do for this step. And then beneath it, there is the relevant documentation templates to that step. So in this particular instance, the resistance, if you will, is this Amy docs package right here on step 6. This the master documentation package that has the SP, the PO, the SOPs, all all that stuff within it is in this Acme docs package on step 6. And then there's a bunch of other stuff here too, but yeah.
emill: Is this focused on getting you from CMC one to CMC 2 or from CMC nothing to CMC 2.
Andrew Meggs: Well, more of that second one. But the idea is it's starting from 0 to cover all the bases, but you can certainly skip ahead to whatever was the relevant step for you. If you've already scope your boundaries and such
emill: Yeah, we have. So we've scope boundaries. We've done all the policies and procedures and the SP we've done as far as we can tell everything for a rock, solid self assessment at one CMC one and the
emill: It seems to be that the corporate perspective across people I've spoken with was you're better off getting cms. One is a good strong foundation then building on that. So that's what we did. That's where we are.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. I mean, CR M C one is I mean, it's good that you guys are one but cms 2 is a much larger.
emill: Beast. Oh, yeah. We're well, that planning. Our goal is to be done by November 10th. That's we're not trying to be overly aggressive on that.
Andrew Meggs: Sure. But yeah, this is I mean the honestly, this mostly focuses on CMC to not see. Okay. Cool.
emill: All right.
Andrew Meggs: Because yeah, very very little of this is referring to CC one. But yeah. So but this what this. And then in addition to this walkthrough in in documentation templates, you also have access to our compliance team as a resource. So I know you know, you're already contracting with people, but while you're going through this or if you ever need to general
emill: Let me clarify what I mean by that. We're already on I have 3 consultants that we use episodic, ally. None of which are in the world of I'm gonna say the equivocal or analogous to A C 3 Pao and I get it. You can't get somebody to compliance and then do your C 3 Pao assessment on there because there's no CR issue. We're not even considering that. The guys that I've got have worked on projects in the past, we advertised for them a year ago. Actually some of them we advertised for them a couple of years ago, knowing that we had to get down this road. So they are absolutely complimentary. They're certainly not there's 0 conflict between we would love to be able to guide on the PreVeil way of doing this. They are the the workmen to make it happen. Does that make sense?
Andrew Meggs: Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I guess I mean, just but just so you're aware that this another resource you have available to you. Is our compliance team and kind of in a similar manner because of conflict of interest. They're not able to do anything for you and they're able to not able to do any actual like, literal Consulting but they can answer any questions that you might
emill: Have we want
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. And they can provide guidance. You can show them something and say, hey, does this look good? And they can say with the asterisk of, I'm not so the ask risk of to the best of my knowledge. This should pass an assessment.
emill: That sort of right. If they send a note to your compliance team from a CR Access address, is that cut the master?
Andrew Meggs: They would want to vary. They would want to say that they are asking on behalf of CR. S Consulting. No, you already said they're coming from a CR. Yeah, if it's from your email domain, that's fine. But it's if it's from a separate email domain, they want to say that it's on behalf of CR, right?
emill: Because for budgetary reasons these 3 guys, they're not on prem. The only people that are on PreVeil or myself and our senior RF engineer, because we're the only one touch in real cur.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. They don't have to be PreVeil users to utilize anyone. Your accountant could contact the compliance team great. Anyone who works for CR Access Consulting can can protect them.
Andrew Meggs: But but yeah, this will make a little bit more sense. Once you get into here. But I guess also I wanted to show you while we're in here. Speaking of the compliance team under this additional compliance resources course, there's actually a direct link to their calendar to schedule a meeting with them. So if at any point you wanted to have a meeting with them, you can just find some some time directly on their calendar.
emill: Super is why I went with you guys. Yeah. Um
Andrew Meggs: But yeah. This is what the accelerator is and I'll share a link to this in my follow up email.
emill: Okay. Now that's not through the PreVeil program that I've loaded onto my computer.
Andrew Meggs: Correct. It's a separate site. It's a separate login.
emill: Got it.
Andrew Meggs: They built it on talent LMS what it is, but
emill: I mean I understand learning management system, but I don't know what an LMS.
Andrew Meggs: But that's just the tool we use to build it. But okay.
Andrew Meggs: The only other thing about that is we have recently launched a GRC tool. I doubt it's going to be relevant for you, but what is the G?
emill: RC tool again, I've heard that before.
Andrew Meggs: Well, GRC literally stands for governance, risk and compliance. But it's basically like a project management tool. Where it you know, there's 110 controls you need to meet level 2. It basically has all 110 controls and tracks what your progress and steps. It's a quality of life tool. Project management tool, if that makes sense. Okay. Got it. And the so one of the reasons I'm mentioning it is, I guess let me pull this back up. We there is a course on in the accelerator gro plus accelerator, how to use PreVeil, C tool with the accelerator. That's what and this is like a walkthrough of what the RC tool is. But the it's not actually it costs money is what I'm trying to get at here. So I'm letting you aware that this exists and that's why you're seeing it. But what
emill: Is the what's the pay on that is
Andrew Meggs: Oh, gosh, I'm so bad at mental math. $1,800 for 12 months. So it's yeah, I know and I'm not trying to do a hard sell here or anything. I'm just letting you aware that this exists because you'll see it in the accelerator. So if you ask what is this? That's what that is.
emill: Not for
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. But yeah, if you go through that, if you want to check that out and say, hey, this is something I'm interested in, let me know. But it's not 100% necessary. Like it's just like a project management tool. It's not actually like it's you know, you get the point instead of downloading all the documentation and having to sit in a drive and then try to figure out where everything is and everything. It's ease of quality of life, ease of life, whatever the phrases. But um
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. That's what that is. And then other check in points. You already mentioned this you've got the 2 users in the system, do you anticipate needing anymore in the future?
emill: Probably. Yeah, I do. But I won't know that for another month or so. Yeah, we had a uh
emill: We signed a subcontract.
emill: Pretty strongly into state this. We signed a subcontract with another company to do some more. Let me just sorry, this is not coming across clearly in my deepest apologies for your own contract. For the United States, Navy maven service warfare center crane contract runs through CAC key. You've probably heard of them. We are a subcontractor to them. Long story short, they don't like second car subs, but there was a partner company we had also on a contract. That got voted off the island. So they gave us their money and said go forth and get a subcontractor to do this. Make this happen. So we did we anticipate because we're building a model that determines interactions between 5 G radar and can be 5 G meters 5 G towers and cell phones and Navy radar the data that we're using for the model is going to start out unclassified. But eventually it will become cy and eventually it'll actually become truly classified and that's a problem for another day in order to get there since that subcontractor is doing our model development. I'm probably going to need to give one of them a CR Access account and a PreVeil account.
emill: That's pretty high probability better than 50 50. But I need a little bit more time for this down for we just had our kick off with them on Wednesday. And I anticipate having a better feeling for model maturity. I don't want to do this before we have to. This is becoming. I don't know if you got a moment to hear my story of software, classification and security that I'm learning from a fire hose. So we're using something called cloud RFI, our model development tool and cloud RFI is actually a British company. So the cloud version of cloud, which I realize sounds redundant is problematic when you're dealing with C I A matter of fact it's prohibited problematic. Probably not even the we work we're doing our base level development on the cloud and then when we start using real data, we're moving the enterprise function. So we're actually gonna buy an on prem licenses to do this.
emill: That is another part of this equation that we're working through, that we're gonna share with the subcontractor. Having access to UI at large is where PreVeil comes in. So we anticipate possibly moving I mean, so actually this is a great. I'm glad we're talking about this.
emill: Are you aware of clients using JIRA and github and integrating that with PreVeil?
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. A couple of things. First off to your initial point. That person might not necessarily need a purchase PreVeil license. If they're a separate company that can maybe just sign up for a free PreVeil express account. As long as you are the originator of the folder. And you can share it with them externally with PreVeil express if a different company.
emill: Than they are. And that may be the right way to do it. Now, what's interesting is the way that this is maturing is maybe special warfare wants us to adapt this capability to their special boats. And when we do that, we're not only going we got a whole new level of but pain to deal with because we're gonna need to run a skip space. All of our model development is gonna have to be purely Co. We're probably just gonna roll them in as the same subcontracting company as employees. And they're just gonna have to wear 2 hats. So I'd like the idea of the PreVeil express to start is that'll certainly get everybody familiar
Andrew Meggs: And then to answer your other question, there isn't really a way to integrate PreVeil with any other software JIRA or otherwise it's by design of kind of black box.
emill: I don't know that we need to I'm just wondering I'm always as you start you talk about boundary figuring out where your boundaries and what touches, what we haven't gone through that yet. And when we start talking about our model development, which will include some software development on github.
emill: We don't know where that line in the sand is that we start develop working UI and I don't really know how to crack that code.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. So that would be a good question for our compliance team. Frankly they know more than me and they're familiar with more use cases than I am. But in terms of like, literal integration there there isn't with github or JIRA. But we have clients that use both. So I'm sure that there are some use cases where it's like you develop in github, but then you know, immediately upload it to PreVeil for storage or something like that. I don't know. But they would be better able to answer that those types of questions.
emill: All right.
emill: Okay.
Andrew Meggs: And yeah. They're available at compliance at PreVeil.com or through that link in the accelerator, I was showing you for a conversation like that. Probably be better just to schedule a call with them. I don't think they'd be able to answer so since in an email. But yeah. Uh, that's kind of it in terms of my check in points though. I was gonna ask about usage accelerator. You've already said you're planning on. November is kind of the what you're shooting for level 2. Have you already started shopping around for C 3 PO yet? Or is that
emill: Done, honestly. I'm gonna try to not. I mean, if I come down to the wire and I don't have a choice, I'm gonna start shopping around. I really don't want to ever do this. And it is my perhaps fantastic. Al view. That one day, the government is kind of realized what an owners burden this is and something's gonna change. But no, I'm absolutely not getting ahead of that. The cost to do that. It's ridiculous. What 30 40,000 minimum?
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. That's what I'm hearing.
emill: We don't have it. Yeah. A shopping around at this point. It's not really useful. So once we grow a little bit more and we get closer to that because my understanding is that secretary defense memo that came out. I think it was November 10th November sometime in November, established November 20 26 as the deadline to be C C 2 self assess.
emill: And again, delaying this as long as I can to be on somebody's list for a CR, inspection that tells me that the line share of work is getting to the point where I can be self assessed and then come the September October timeframe. I can start worrying about, look verity three, because all I got to do is be on their list. I don't have to be assessed. I just have to be on their list for assessment.
Andrew Meggs: Sure. And that makes sense. I guess what I was getting at is once you do get to that point let us know. We have like a roster of CR that work.
emill: With us. Yeah, I'd imagine. Imagine it's it's funny because we've been referred to. We get referred to you, get referred to. I think it was an x._i can't remember that was the them and then summit 7 and a variety of different it all comes down what is. What's everybody's experience been with them. And then after that, it comes down to price. Once you've missed screening criteria comes down to is it the right fit for you? but I will say we've been singing your praises pretty evenly across. Everybody we've been talking to is my big. We're on a task to do some business development business captures assistance with a another another couple of companies and as a result, we they've also asked okay, what do we got to do about the CMC thing. So I just been sharing what we know and said when you get to the point where you have to have A C this what we recommend, because we think it's great.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. I mean, if you want to be like an actual like, referral partner, we have a program, but if that's something you're interested in, where do you actually get a little bit of a cut if you actually refer?
emill: Someone who joins? I won't we won't turn that down.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah, I can. I think Sam on our team handles all of our referral stuff. I'll ask him about that. He'll reach
emill: Out yeah. We're working pretty oh, hey, maybe this I guess I probably get guess one of the people we've been dealing with and we're not supporting them for cms to advisement. Otherwise they know that you don't need to send contracting non UI via PreVeil. But we have non
Andrew Meggs: Do people use a we've got hospitals and yeah.
emill: Yeah, I know. But this guy was insisting and then to keep it within PreVeil it to people. But my other sigma, she's not in PreVeil, so I needed her to get it. But they were under some impression that because of that memo, they are on the priority list for government inspect. Have you ever heard of government inspection for CMC two?
Andrew Meggs: Yes. But that's like a theoretical thing that's gonna be happening, years down the line.
emill: And say they're getting it like now.
Andrew Meggs: Getting to know that's that would be fair. I would love to if you have any like, I've never heard of that happening. So if that's
emill: The case, they use you. So it's um
Andrew Meggs: Well, just obviously as you're aware, just using us is not fully cms level to compliant. There's other stuff.
emill: Now, what I'm getting at is you guys already have a relationship with them. So it's I mean, I'm happy to get the details and share them with you. I find about
Andrew Meggs: Because I can't well, let me I can't imagine I don't want to say I can't imagine I have a pretty good. I've got a pretty good imagination.
emill: Well, especially in today's government.
Andrew Meggs: It's would be difficult for me to believe it is a CMC level to government inspection. I could believe it's some other government inspection about maybe nest 800 or something like that. Like an older thing that they are misunderstanding C level to. I could see that um
emill: We got called on the carpet 7 years ago in a different company saying, hey, your contract says you've got a for a 70 12. You have to tell tell us what you're doing for handling is 800 and we said okay. Well, yeah, yours our policy and they said, great, because they know they were asking. Yeah, just sort of like, hey, give me an answer that I can go to my boss with, but it wouldn't surprise me.
Andrew Meggs: That I mean, this not knowing what I know about the situation which is next to nothing. That's the only thing I could imagine it being is inspection about something else. That's not
emill: That was my impression to that. It shocked me when they said yesterday because we're helping them with a a different compliance. That's the
Andrew Meggs: Whole point of the C 3 POS. Is that the government won't need to do inspections because they've already been certified by a third by the inspections that the government is doing is on the C 3 POS. And then it's up to C 3 POS to then assess everyone else. So then the government won't that's the idea of this theory behind it at least. So, you know. Yeah, I've never heard of that happening. I mean, that being said stranger things have happened. I don't want to I don't want to say anything's possible here, but I will be very surprised if that was the case.
emill: Okay. You and I both. All right. Andrew. Well, that's cool. That's about all I had man. Super helpful. I was hoping to have one of my consultants on the call, but both of them have day jobs and they weren't sure. They're gonna break away. So we'll pass this on to them. And when we have our meeting on actually we don't have our meeting Monday. I'm going to a funeral. But when we have our next meeting, I'll share this with them and we'll certainly be making great use of your compliance page. Yeah. Did you send me the link?
Andrew Meggs: I'm going to after this call.
emill: That'd be great. Okay.
Andrew Meggs: I mean, I can put it in the chat if you want.
emill: But okay. No, no. It's
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. I will send that after the call. And I will I mean, if you're actually if you're interested in the referral program, I'll see Sam on my follow up email to and he'll follow.
Andrew Meggs: Do it. And then yeah. I'll include the compliance teams contact information and then going forward, if you do have any questions or if you need anything else or like if you need to add a user, the GRC tool or something, let me know.
emill: That'd be great. Okay.
Andrew Meggs: Thank you, Eric yeah. Have a good one.
emill: Bye, bye.