Account: Critical Networking
Call Date: 2026-01-08
Duration: 00:13:41
Participants: Robin Barrow, Jp Bowdoin

======================================================================

Robin Barrow: Speaker 2: So
Robin Barrow: Speaker 2: Hello.
Robin Barrow: Speaker 2: Me can hear me. Why would you hear me? Hi, hi. How are you, doing? Can okay. You hear? good. So real quick, just trying to dust off CD. I'm still trying to buy them laptops. I have not done the technical onboarding. I'm doing that Monday. Yeah. And what else are we missing to fire this thing up? That, really? I think yeah. I think that's the only piece. I think you just need to let me just make sure when Kyle was asking about training for them. And I thought that was in the email. I'm being stupid and not finding those links. I wonder if you can help us refresh. Yeah. Let me just make sure.
Robin Barrow: Speaker 2: I can turn my camera on to. I'm trying to go back to our emails. Okay. What I can do, I'll send you an email now. So I called my next steps email that will list everything you need to do. You already book time with the support team, have you just need to download PreVeil on those devices? Yeah. One to and you just, I would say download PreVeil on at least one device prior to that meeting. Are you is anyone else joining you on that call for the technical? Just me. Okay. Okay. So great. So then yeah, you just need to do that. And you'll go and Chris will walk you through the whole platform. That's where you're meeting with yes. Right? yeah. Yeah. Okay. We're kind of doing a full meal deal. Yeah. So well, Chris be able to give me one of the things that I'm concerned about. We're buying brand new laptops. I'm actually doing this with a couple of clients. The other client has a different partner than us with respect to the setup, trying to get in on that. And we're also gonna do this with another division with error group. So as I'm setting these laptops up, I really want to make sure I'm setting up at least tier one with the 15 controls and all of that. Do you guys have any kind of a guide for the right way to do that? Um
Robin Barrow: Speaker 2: We can as far as PreVeil goes, but majority of our actual compliance documentation is related to level 2. Well, I mean, even that would be great too. I mean, let me the right answer to set up a brand new shiny laptop. So we're setting ourselves up for success.
Robin Barrow: Speaker 2: Okay. They have access to the accelerator, CPI. So, yes. I can show you it lives in the accelerator. I can probably give you access to the accelerator to do you have access to the accelerator? I. Well, I will I should we're I mean, as a partner, I should have yeah. I don't think I'm in there yet because we haven't done the technical onboarding. Okay. You typically you just still see from the client. This is something that we always have even as a partner you would purchase, just because it's a lot of content, but if you want to still see from them, that's fine, too. But it's so this is where we go into how do I secure my end points. This is like, taking a brand new laptop, taking a new device, what needs to be on it and what kind of network needs to be set up and all that fun stuff. So would you be willing to 2 questions, one? Is there any way for me to fast track getting in there instead of waiting till Monday? Oh, yeah. Yeah, I can add this you to this right now, that'd be awesome. Yes. This lives outside of PreVeil. It's a completely separate platform. So I can add you to this now. Are you haven't seen this before? I don't know that I have. Okay. And it's okay if you haven't. So yeah, this is so so yeah. This is one piece of the compliance accelerator, but see, we even go into depth on how to configure some of these applications. I'm loving that. Yeah, it's all Microsoft products too. So I don't know if you're a fan of those, but well, no, I don't know if anyone's a fan. Yeah.
Robin Barrow: Speaker 2: Okay. So then the other piece, I just want to show you real quick. This is the documentation side and this is probably most relevant to your customers rather than just you, but also relevant relevant to you. This is the Acme docs package. We went through took a fake company brought them through a full assessment. This is a completed docs package. So it has every documentation you can imagine. Very cool, all for level 2. Okay. I would say if you're looking for level one guides because people are I think if you go here
Robin Barrow: Speaker 1: And part of this Robin, this other error group division that I'm signing up. Marco Marco and I are working the deal right now trying to get that done. But the language in the bid was crazy. Okay. I know gonna happen and I bet this is gonna happen too, as soon as we hit October. I'm like there's no way uncle Sam is gonna hold everybody to this. So the language in the bid it came out like 2 days before Christmas and it's due tomorrow. That's fine. It is so. But the language in it says so tier one self assessment and also by go day, like by delivery day CMC tier 2 self certified self assessed. And I'm like a tier 2 self assess it. Well, it wasn't a thing in October. Now it's a thing because uncle Sam knows. They can't do business. They can't yeah. I was like, okay. Good. Great. I mean, we're gonna start seeing tier 2.
Robin Barrow: Speaker 2: S certified assessments soon too. Yeah. I hope so. The goal, right? That's where we were supposed to be in October was was actually certified. But yeah, they're letting everybody self assessed just to get these bids going. That's crazy. I thought you'd see it. Yeah, that's not have you been to our partner portal yet? probably maybe not because it's kind of fairly new now. So now I'm just showing you all our new stuff, but I'm gonna add you to the accelerator. So you'll have access to that. Marco will probably when you talk to Marco. He's going to like each of your customers will have to purchase it. But you'll have access to if they purchase it, then you'll have access to one of their seats with it. Let me see, I just pinned this somewhere.
Robin Barrow: Speaker 2: Not the marketplace. Here we are here is our partners resource page and I'll drop this in the chat. Okay. It just gives you our marketing material.
Robin Barrow: Speaker 2: About PreVeil. So if you need the videos to help train your peeps guides like one pagers on our GRC tool, compliance accelerator, all that fun stuff. Achieving cms more templates. This is mainly for your messaging. If you want to start putting our logo somewhere. Is more co marketing. Let me see.
Robin Barrow: Speaker 2: Webinars case studies that happening. Okay. Yeah, this is where you can find all that material and
Robin Barrow: Speaker 2: And I'll drop this now. Those are great resources and we're gonna be improving that even further because as you bring on more customers, we're gonna want a guy that's like, here's how you get started with the new customer in PreVeil. We need one of those. I've been asking for one of those. I just think it will be a lot easier for you all. Yeah. Yeah. We like to be involved because I like to meet your customers, but yeah, that's why I do agree that we need one of those. So I'm gonna add you to the accelerator now. Thank you have a meeting to set up PreVeil.
Robin Barrow: Speaker 2: And what else can I help out with? yeah, I don't have a partner log in.
Robin Barrow: Speaker 1: And I just don't know if we've just haven't gotten there yet, since this is really the first engagement with VDI. Excuse me as we get the second one going where that will pile in for me. But getting access to the accelerator will be fantastic. Yeah. As far as a partner account goes you get a free account admin account with each customer you sign up. Okay. Are you do you intend to have an e mail for each of those customers? So having a Jp at CI.com, I will yes, we will have a segregated admin email for that purpose. Okay. If you do that and if you do that with each of your customers, I can show you in a second. Let me just make sure I want to add you to
Robin Barrow: Speaker 2: The accelerated before I forget.
Robin Barrow: Speaker 2: Um
Robin Barrow: Speaker 2: Okay. You'll be added. You'll see an invite for that shortly. Thank you'll be presented with. It's like a sign off. NDA type of thing. Okay. Just asking you not to take everything and sell it for yourself.
Robin Barrow: Speaker 2: To be completely honest. Um
Robin Barrow: Speaker 1: And then
Robin Barrow: Speaker 2: What was it just saying?
Robin Barrow: Speaker 2: We were talking about your portal, your partner, our partner, okay. This is one if you have a separate email for each of your accounts that you sign up, you'll see something like this. So you'll be able to log in.
Robin Barrow: Speaker 2: And you'll see a dropdown. So I am the admin for
Robin Barrow: Speaker 2: Ralph's house, but I'm a user in PreVeil and you'll see your additional accounts be added throughout here, sweet. I'll it's a separate login and it's a separate management. You can log into your main org and see all your users. You're gonna have to. Okay, this is the PreVeil org. It's well, I can't show you that one, but that's how it's gonna operate. So it's not you won't get one page where you see everything, nice and neatly because it's a secure platform. You're gonna have to like, toggle back and the cool. Yeah. Great. What else? the you're gonna send over that kind of intro email again, with the training stuff because I want to give that Kyle for his couple of people that he that we're gonna set up. I thought we bought
Robin Barrow: Speaker 1: 10 for CPI, 10 licenses for CD. I think. So I want to start getting them boned up and trained. Okay. And so there is that you sent me the got the resources. You're getting accelerator. That's coming. I think we're good. Okay. Great. So yeah, the standard user training for the 10 users. We have a separate training. It's about 30 minutes long. I it's not always necessary because it's really easy. PreVeil e mail and drive. But and then I have the standard user guide too, that I'll attach to the email. I'm gonna book time for us in April just to connect on CD just to make sure they're feeling good. They're up and running. We haven't left anything uncovered it. Typically, we do a welcome call with every customer. If you don't want to do that. We don't have to, but I think you did that. Didn't we do that. Yeah, we did. Okay. I believe so. I believe yeah, we do that a couple of weeks ago. We'll be doing it here with with Brian Hans. He's the other division at error group that we're going to be here really quickly.
Robin Barrow: Speaker 2: Yes, we did that on the 17th of December. Yes. Ma'am. The whole month of December. One by like a blur it was crazy. But okay. Yeah, I'll send these next steps and I'll I might schedule your 90 day check in actually earlier in march if I haven't done it already even if it's just why am I blurry? That's I don't know. Even if it's just you and me. Okay. Just because as I'm juggling I you know, you don't remember this error group holdings is a big family underneath. They're in Denmark, yadda, yadda. That's really weird. Is that are we not clean here? Okay. I think it's because they're like that maybe it's just because I'm moving yeah. Maybe and I kind of feel like we may wind up with 3 or 4 instances for this company. And I just want you to know I may try to pull on you now and then because this is one of those things. We're in the vast Lake Michigan. That is cms. I'm standing up to my ankles and I have no idea how to swim. So no, I get it. And that's why I think it's good that you're gonna be added to the accelerator because the accelerator really helps with what is cms. Why is important all the way through how do you get there? Cool. Okay. Great. So I'll add I'm gonna send this now before I forget and the first one that says setup organization, that's where you're gonna start. You don't need to schedule a time with the support team because you already did that. Yeah. Okay. Great. All right. I'll send this now and
Robin Barrow: Speaker 2: Let me know if you need help. I'm here. You rock. Oh, your lunch. Thank you. Of course. Thank you. Bye. Bye.