Account: CW Fletcher
Call Date: 2026-01-26
Duration: 00:28:04
Participants: Emily deBettencourt, Gregg Laroche, Rufino Bolado, Rufino Bolado

======================================================================

Emily deBettencourt: So
Emily deBettencourt: Hi Rufino. How are you today?
Rufino: Hey, good afternoon, guys.
Emily deBettencourt: Hi there. Yeah, we can hear you. Can you hear me?
Rufino: Hi, Emily, can you hear us?
Emily deBettencourt: Yes. Yes, I can. How are you doing today?
Emily deBettencourt: London.
Emily deBettencourt: Can you hear me Rufino?
Gregg Laroche: I can hear you Emily.
Emily deBettencourt: Okay.
Rufino: Can you hear me?
Gregg Laroche: You're dropping in and out, I think.
Rufino: Yeah.
Rufino: So
Rufino: Yeah. Hello, can you hear me?
Emily deBettencourt: Yes, we can. Can you
Rufino: I can hear you guys.
Emily deBettencourt: Okay. Okay. Good. Good. Well, thanks for joining us today. I know this meeting was scheduled a while back. When you inquired about our GRC tool. The new platform that we've partnered with this on to to offer our customers here at PreVeil. I've got Greg are on the line. He oversees our product and compliance team. So we'd love to show it off to you and talk a little bit about how it might solve some of your pain points with compliance at CW Fletcher. So if that kind of captures it, we can jump right in. But please, feel free to let me know if there's anything else you've got top of mind today or anything you want to cover. In addition to that.
Rufino: Yeah. No, no worries. Yeah. Nice to meet you Greg. Yeah, we can go ahead. I think, yeah.
Rufino: All right.
Gregg Laroche: So
Gregg Laroche: Yeah. So before we start we um
Gregg Laroche: A little context I think sometimes is helpful and you know we offer the compliance accelerator content that we've been developing over the past 3 or some years and we're getting feedback from customers that they would like in addition to all that information and training they would also like kind of a platform or a project management tool to help them track and maintain all the information associated with their compliance programs and we had partnered with several different GRC tool vendors over the years with varying degrees of success in different kinds of products some of them very expensive and complicated and some of them a little more straightforward and we went out and searched for
Gregg Laroche: The best fit. We thought for our customers for GRC would be something that's pretty easy to learn. Easy to use. Does not have 10,000 features that you're not going to use. And and also is very cost effective. That was those are our main criteria. So what you're gonna see today is that so there are hundreds of GRC tools in the market, hundreds and they come in all shapes and sizes and have all different kinds of features. This one is very straightforward, designed for simplicity and affordability. And that's what I'm gonna show you. But I just want to set a little context. In case you've looked at other tools. This one is gonna be super straightforward. It only takes 5 minutes to demonstrate it, basically.
Rufino: Right. Thanks. I just yeah.
Gregg Laroche: Let me swing it in the frame here. So
Gregg Laroche: This is the controls view. So you'll notice that there's 2 levels of navigation in this tool. It is a web application that comes it's hosted by our partner. It has a separate log on from PreVeil. It has a separate log on from the accelerator. We're looking at longer term to unify some of those things because it's kind of a pain to have all these different user accounts, but that's how it is today. So you if you get involved with this tool, you get a separate log on for it, you can have several users from your org. Can have a login generally you won't need a login for everybody because you only need the people that need to manipulate this data are the only people that need access, right? So and you'll see in the top level navigation, there's a dashboard view that we'll get to at the end. There's a system security plan header section. We'll pop in there in a minute. This is the controls area which is all your controls 110 controls. They're organized by control family if you want to hop around. Or there's just a big long list here. We're gonna start and controls, but there's also a policy procedure repository. There's also a risk management feature that builds your risk register. There are reports and approvals that generate documentation out of the system based on the information that you configure. And there's also a compliance accelerator library. That is the same content that you have an accelerator, but it's pre loaded into your GRC tool. So you don't have to like, go back and forth between the 2 environments. The documentation from the Acme corp example. And the shared responsibility matrix information is already pre loaded into the system as you'll see in a minute. So that's you know, that's kind of the PreVeil special feature. Let's pop into a control. You can see at the high level, there's a control status here. You can see what how many points this one's worth in the list. You can see it's status, whether or not it has an implementation statement defined. Whether or not it has documents linked, whether or not it has any POS against it. And or ongoing continuous monitoring tasks. So that's what those are. And then when you drill in you see a more detailed view of the control and you get a new navigation. So in the control itself, you'll see we have the control implementation objectives or the assessment objectives. And this particular control 3 dot one has 6 objectives, that all have to be met in order for the control to be met. And we can see in this case, 5 of them are met and one is not. That's why the control is tagged as partially implemented. And um we can you know, we can assign a task for that action and get that closed and then get that status change and then get get credit for that control as implemented. The implementation statement that you see below that comes right from the accelerator. So the Acme corp examples for this control are pre loaded. So and assume also including the document references. So you kind of know which documents Acme use to reference in this control and we'll get to that in a second. So essentially what you're doing is you have the compliance accelerator library? These are just the AC documents from Acme. If you want to see all of them, you go up here and that's all the documents, right? but in here when you're in the control context, you only see the ones relevant for that family of controls. So the idea here is here, you take these documents, the ones you need if you need these examples, because you don't have one already of your own, you take these and download them and modify them. So they match your system security plan and your implementation. Because obviously you're not gonna match me 100%. You should be close, but not not exact and then you have to change the name obviously because that's not the name of your company. And then you re save those documents into the policy and procedure library. So this is a repository where you upload your edited policies and procedures. So that then you can then attach them to controls. So this is like the repo. So you take the Acme docs or any other documents you already have you load them in here. And now they're all available to attach to control so that when we're in back in a control
Gregg Laroche: We can see that there's a section here to attach policy references so this gives you the whole policy repo access here and then you select which documents you want to attach to the control and then there's an association made in the system security plan for this document and this control and these documents you know obviously they have revision control and they're stored in the is cloud in Azure gov and they are you know separate from the accelerator but they're based on accelerator if that makes sense and then there's another kind of upload this is for policy and procedure standard operating procedures or policies there's also an artifact upload here so if you have something that isn't in the policy repo you have something like a screenshot or whatever you want an image you want to upload it and also associate it with the control as evidence then you could you do that through artifact right you just upload another file that's not in the policy library and then there's 2 kinds of action items you can assign a task which is really just an action item against this control so it's a one time thing it's a kind of an atomic action where you just say like hey Sally go fix this thing on this control and please and then we save it when you're done so it's kind of a one time task and then these tasks are continuous monitoring so these are repetitive tasks that the control requires on a periodic basis like a monthly action of some sort like we have to do a monthly risk review or quarterly risk review if we were in the control for risk you know you would have this assigned in there and that control say like okay well you know Bob does you know leads to the quarterly risk review every every quarter and it gets assigned here through the users and that person will get reminded by the system every quarter to do the risk review and then you know given an opportunity to update the data in here every time they do it for example so then so that's basically it you know you have the control itself and it's assessment objectives it's implementation statement different kinds of documents that you associate with the control action items that you can associate with the control that are either one time or repetitive and then you have comments and things you can do if you just want to track activity against this control you can see kind of who did what which is nice so now we've covered a couple of different areas of the top navigation we covered controls we covered policy procedures next thing I want to show you is this risk management tool which is pretty cool so one of the controls in this requires you to have a risk register and to do risk periodic risk assessments or risk reviews and here's just a place where you can do that if you don't have a risk assessment process and procedure already in place this is a nice easy way to do it you have your risk meeting you identify risks you plug them into this wizard it takes you through this 7 step process to generate and create a risk in the risk register and then it saves it here on the table with a heat map and it's a it so not only do you have a place to track all the risks you also build your risk register at the same time so this is just a nice feature if you don't already have a process for this it's a you know a nice way to meet that requirement and so then next we're gonna talk about the system security plan header so there's information in the SP that is not control related it's like the roles the stakeholders who does what who's the system owner and all the environmental things like the inventories my hardware inventory my software inventory these are where all these things go because they're required in the system security plan your network diagram all these things are required but they're not associated with any one control so they don't belong in the control section they kind of have their own section and you fill out all this these 3 tabs you fill out all this information you see it's all blank right now you fill all this out and then it shows up when you generate your system security plan from the system so that's where I'm gonna go next is reports so I don't know I'm hopping around a little bit but I'm kind of following a workflow that I would use if I were doing this and you can see all the different kinds of reports and there's a system security plan here if I want to look at it I'll see that this header information is all empty because we didn't put it in there but once I get into the controls I can see the control implementation statements the document references everything is in here that you've populated in the system so the control implementation status everything's in here and it basically generates your SP if you want you don't necessarily need to use this format if you prefer the Acme SP and you want to use that's fine this is just you know it's there if you want it if you ever if you know somebody wants a report on the system security plan you just generate it this keeps version control so you can generate it with new information you get the new version there's also reports in here for POS which basically tells you what are the open action items and who's doing what there's a similar report for continuous monitoring tasks those tasks that happen every month or every quarter or whatever there's control status with the objectives then there's an SP with the objectives if you want to look at that also so these are the reports so that's basically it and then all of this information rolls up to a dashboard and the dashboard just gives you a framework view per framework and we're in the cms framework right now it's the only one we're showing you because it's the only one we sell is has other frameworks if you want to do compliance and other areas so to HIPAA whatever you can add those and they all show up here in a list and you can hop around amongst the various compliance frameworks and each one gets a status and you can see there's a quick quick glance statuses there's an S P S score calculator not very good right now because we only have 11% implementation which is not very high so as we got more controls implemented obviously our assessment progress would go up our score would go up everything would keep track basically so that's it that's the whole thing any and I can stop here and take any questions you might have any
Rufino: Yeah. No, thanks for the presentation. I guess one of my questions, the first one that popped into my mind is in terms I see that you have the cms kind of framework is this is the kind of I know that they go hanging high and it 101, 7 1. Yeah. Um
Rufino: I think at the moment, it's a bit confusing for me is the other 2 different things. Are they equivalent now, you know? Is it is if you use this tool, you can generate because you always talks about the 110 requirements, right? And it. So I always gonna be confused what's going on with the CRM here at the moment and yeah.
Gregg Laroche: No, that's a fair question. It's basically I don't want to take a ton of time to answer it, but basically it goes back to the beginnings of the fir 70 12 requirement, which is in your contract and it requires you to protect and CFO using the 801 71 control set, right? Like that's where it comes from and that was back in 2017. So back in 20 seventeen, they introduced the notion of protecting I using the 110 controls in this 800 one, 71 and so then fast forward to that. Then they introduced first 70 nineteen, 70 20 70 21 and those continuously over the years, strengthen the program because the program was not getting followed and they started adding requirements for did CAC or dcm audits. And then they added a section where you had to do a self assessment and publish your score to the supplier risk system in the do and you know, and then the latest iteration of this tightening of control is, mm. And what cms does is add a third party assessment. Requirement that's really it. And with cms, you now have the notion that if your contract requires it, you have to get a third party to check your work and check your score and do an assessment of your program. The program still has to meet 800 one, 70 one the program itself has never changed. It's just the cms adds this third party assessment. That's really about it.
Rufino: So basically, what you're saying is that although in here in the screen that you showing me is only saying cms, I can still use it to upload a self assessment, I'll say in in CS
Gregg Laroche: Absolutely. Because it's the same exact control set. Same requirement.
Rufino: Yeah. Like I think if you look, if you go today to the sdrs, they have to they have both, right? You can either do a self assessment.
Rufino: Is style or also they added their cms stuff.
Gregg Laroche: Yeah. I mean, technically there's there's an assessment guide for both. And then the next one is 801 71 A. It tells you how to do a self assessment. There's a nest document for it. And then there's a CMC level 2 assessment guide, which tells you how a third party would assess, right? So but it's the same requirement, right? And really it's just procedural differences and whether or not you have to get a third party to check.
Rufino: Yeah. Okay.
Gregg Laroche: In this in in year one of CC, which started in November. Yeah. There there aren't any contracts yet that require the third party assessment, but they're coming. And we're already seeing them in rfps and RFI. And we're seeing prime contractors starting to pressure their suppliers. So we are seeing a lot of inertia and energy moving towards the third party assessments. A lot of our customers are just planning them and getting them done and uh, because they're good for 3 years, the third party assessment. So
Gregg Laroche: We've already had over 66 0 customers of ours go through the assessment process already. And it's only been going since January. So that is an indication that a lot of people are just getting it over with I guess they're getting ahead of the game. But I guess even though the contracts only require a self assessment today.
Rufino: Yeah. Fair enough. Okay. Now, the answer my question. And then I only have the other question that I had is. So just to be clear. So this platform is it says is powered by? Is that what you're saying? Is like you partner with is to do these basically?
Gregg Laroche: That's right. It's their product. They have they have a non PreVeil version of it. That's their version. The PreVeil version has all our accelerator content implemented. So it's just a integrated experience, but you can buy the plane vanilla one directly from its
Rufino: Yeah, I see. I understand. Yeah. Okay. Cool. Yeah, no, that basically yeah, shows shows what the tool is. Um
Gregg Laroche: Yeah, it's pretty straightforward. Like I said, we were looking for something simple that a non compliance person could learn and use. Yeah, because there are super advanced ones where you have to be a compliance practitioner to even understand it and we didn't want that. So uh
Gregg Laroche: Super expensive too.
Rufino: That's maybe that another question for me is as a non compliance expert as you go through the controls and you obviously, I mean, you have I am I'm kind of using the accelerator tool and I'm kind of starting to go through that. So my plan was to in the next few months. Try to go through the self assessment, using the tools and things like that. As well as obviously well as your colleague that I had a meeting with him last year. Progress is Jamie, Jamie.
Rufino: Um
Rufino: He mentioned this tool. So, I said to Emily can I have a look at it and then I can go back and as I look at the accelerated tools and see how I go around it, yeah. Obviously, I can have the option to to get this tool if we needed. Yeah. I think what I was gonna say is that in terms of when you are answering the controls, one thing that I always have struggled a bit is some of them can be very difficult to interpret it what they really are asking for. And you'll enter into this in this situation where it's like well, I think I have met I met, but actually sometimes you found evidence where they said no, that's not what we meant. It is in this tool.
Rufino: How will you go about that? If you sort of get in a situation where you feel a bit like understanding what the control is asking for?
Gregg Laroche: Yeah, there's a couple of different things. One is the Acme content that's pre loaded in there. Those control implementation statements. They have all been assessed by a third party assessor already. So the Ami language is acceptable. We know that already. So it's more like if you change it to the point where it's no longer acceptable. So that's where you would look at. I mean, my recommendation would be it always. Everything always goes back in the end to the shared responsibility model. Because the control objectives themselves. You saw that 3 dot one has 6 objectives that all have to get met. Some of them are technology. Some of them are enforced by technology. So PreVeil covers 3 of those objectives right out of the box. So you don't really have to worry about that. You just say in your SSP PreVeil does this one that meets this objective? And if you want to say more you can. But all that language is in the shared responsibility matrix. And then, there are objectives that are documents that you have to have or training that. You have to have or a responsibility that has to be defined or you need a list of something somewhere. So those are things that don't come with the technology and you have to do do those outside of the technology. And that's where the shared responsibility matrix can come in handy. Because for every single objective, it clearly says what does PreVeil cover, what this customer have to do. And then you and there are a lot of objectives.
Gregg Laroche: It's a lot of detail, but that's the ultimate resource. Because if you get if you meet all the objectives and you meet all the controls and that's the right way to think about it. And I think if you're meeting all the objectives and you can prove it and assessor cannot take your points away because you're meeting the objectives of the control. I think where you get into trouble is if you look at the control at the top level and you don't consider the objectives, then you might miss one like you say, oh, I'm meeting this control because it says make sure only authorized persons can access UI. That's 3 dot one. And you say, yeah, I'm doing that. I have PreVeil and I have my user list in PreVeil and only those people can access and I'm meeting that control. And then the auditor will say, well, what about objective six? And you'll be like what about objective 6 and it says objective six, as you have to identify the co users and keep a list. Where's your list show me the list and then you're like, oh,, I don't have that document. So it's like that's you have to go to the objective level to meet the controls, you know. Yeah.
Rufino: Okay. Interesting. That's that's good to know. Yeah. Okay. Okay. That for me yeah, kind of covers at least from a an initial point of view. What does the tool do? Very well yeah. I think I can go ahead with this and yeah.
Gregg Laroche: You can add it anytime it's it's separate from the accelerator, but it's based on the accelerator and you already have the accelerator. So this is just an add on to that. You can add it when add it whenever it makes sense to start start documenting all the all of controls. Because the alternative is if you don't have a GRC tool and you got to track all this stuff in spreadsheets or worksheets or in SharePoint or something you got to create some other place to keep all this stuff. So that's really the alternative. And it's up to you which way you want to go.
Rufino: Yeah. And I can see, I can definitely see for sure like a place to be used. Definitely if you if you have to maintain these constantly, yeah.
Gregg Laroche: Compliance is forever. You have to do this forever. Yeah, exactly.
Rufino: That is thanks. Thanks for the call guys and Emily in terms of getting an indication of price or cost. Is that something that you can share with me just to have an understanding of the cost?
Emily deBettencourt: Yeah, absolutely. I can provide you with pricing for this. Just looking back in my notes here. I don't think I've given you a quote on this yet.
Rufino: I don't think so. No.
Emily deBettencourt: Yeah. Let me just check here. I can send you a formal quote for it or just put the pricing in an email for you and you can let me know if you want to move ahead up to you. The one thing I will say is that we do require a 12 month subscription for this to get started. So your contract for PreVeil renews in September. So you would have 2 end dates with us, but we can always co term things that renewal time if need be.
Rufino: Okay. Interesting. I if we can go the first thing, if you just send me an email first, I guess I can then have a think. It could be one of those things where if I start using in in in Hungary in in really the accelerator in the next few weeks. I might like, well, maybe wait until September and we can do it altogether, but yeah, it will be good to know the cost and then yeah, take it from there.
Emily deBettencourt: Okay. Sounds good. Good stuff.
Rufino: Thank you guys. Yeah.
Emily deBettencourt: Thank you, Greg. For demo, demoing that and thanks for the for your interest will be in touch.
Emily deBettencourt: Alright. Thank you guys.
Gregg Laroche: Have a nice day.
Emily deBettencourt: Bye.