Account: Cyber Aerospace
Call Date: 2026-01-14
Duration: 00:08:51
Participants: Robin Barrow

======================================================================

Robin Barrow: Hello.
hao: Hello. Hi, Robin.
Robin Barrow: Hi, how are you?
hao: Good. How are you?
Robin Barrow: Oh, where's my camera? There we go.
hao: Nice.
Robin Barrow: Thanks for jumping on.
hao: I go.
Robin Barrow: Oh, you're like, oh, this camera stinks and how do you pronounce your fresh name?
hao: How like how are you?
Robin Barrow: Like that. Okay. Perfect. All right. I thought it was that. I just want to make sure though.
hao: Okay. No worries. Um
Robin Barrow: Thanks for jumping on. Like I said, this call should be fairly quick. Honestly, we're just gonna go over what you all signed up for. Talk about next steps to get us to get started, but also want to hear why you all need PreVeil. Let me just see I see that you have 12 users. 2 of them are admin and you also purchase the compliance accelerator. Does that sound accurate?
hao: Yes. That's all accurate.
Robin Barrow: Great. So yeah. If you don't mind sharing, why do you all need PreVeil?
hao: So first of all, we just let me introduce a little bit about my companies. Yeah. We an error spa manufacturing company level one. So we tried to do in for level 2. Originally, we did look into the CC environment is resulting the cost a little bit too high than we expected a little bit a friend of my consultant. He suggests that a try out PreVeil cart affected and give you the basic nice to stay compliant. Where most of the compliance is done over PreVeil platform already in the in itself. So I think I was like, sure, why not if this saves money for a company for those small size business, then that will benefit a lot for us. And so how about achieving the compliance for level 2 later on? Yeah.
Robin Barrow: Perfect. No, that makes sense. And yeah, with level one being 15 controls, you're very much covered with PreVeil. And yeah, that sounds like a pretty standard use case. I did just add you to the compliance accelerator.
hao: Okay.
Robin Barrow: Excuse me. You will have access to this you'll see an invite come to your inbox. Okay. This is it's based out of a learning management system. So I'm not sure if you're familiar with those, but we take you really green. What is cms all the way through how do you score a one ten? So you'll see all the courses listed here, bulk of the content is listed in step 6. So you'll see when you scroll down, this is where the Acme docs packages. That's where all our documentation templates live. Again, this is all gonna be for level 2 and not level one. So but there is overlap, right? If you the some of the documentation will meet. So you can this is where you'll find the Acme docs package that package has been fully assessed by C 3 Pao been approved that I would score one time. It's extremely detailed.
hao: Okay.
Robin Barrow: Like okay. Yeah, no. What question to you?
hao: I know that we send it for this. I have a question like is it just us signing up and which is gonna go out there, figure out our sell or it is someone can help support along the way?
Robin Barrow: Um
hao: How is it look like?
Robin Barrow: For that. Yeah. Sure. So the document the compliance accelerator is meant to be self utilized self taught in the sense that you would work through the compliance courses and get an understanding. Yeah. But you do have 6 30 minute sessions available to you to meet with the compliance team. So you would reach out to them right through here under additional compliance resources?
Robin Barrow: And you would book time with them right through here. So if you're like, I just need a good understanding of what I need to focus on right now, just to get to level one. That's a good opportunity to meet with them. If you're working towards an assessment, they're always going to want to meet with you regardless and get an understanding of what your goal is, who you're planning on working with. They'll meet with you for that. You also have access to their email. So any one off questions that you have don't count against your time. You can shoot an email over.
hao: Oh, okay. Okay. I see. So only call against the video only. Okay.
Robin Barrow: Yes. Yeah. That's the compliance portion of PreVeil. I always say I kind of sit in the middle, you have our compliance team and the never support team. And then you have me who's who's dedicated to you, also, I if you have any questions or aren't sure who to go to. Always default to me, I'll either find the right answer answer for you. And another piece is our support team does work through ticket based. But again, if anything's on fire reach out to me so that I can reach out to them and yeah, get you followed up with urgently. So
Robin Barrow: Any questions on the compliance side?
hao: Not at the moment. So this link you want to send to me later, I assume, is that correct? Yeah.
Robin Barrow: Yeah. It should come in your inbox shortly within like the next 15 minutes.
hao: Okay. And does that come with instruction? How should I signed up everything? And just like
Robin Barrow: So for the compliance side, you it like I said, it you just work through the courses. I would start with this video that yells at you. Please watch. So that's the compliance platform. The PreVeil platform is separate. So you'll receive instructions to download PreVeil and get it up and running on your device. I don't know if you've gone through them yet.
hao: I did yeah. So far we did already.
Robin Barrow: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. You downloaded PreVeil and got it installed.
hao: Yeah, yeah. We got a meeting yesterday with someone named Chris. Yeah.
Robin Barrow: Oh, okay. Oh, I don't know why that didn't show up on your account. So you already went through the onboarding training and everything.
hao: Yeah. Yeah, yeah.
Robin Barrow: Okay. Great. I'll send over additional resources. Did you meet with Chris in logic?
Robin Barrow: With Jose, did he join that call?
hao: Jose no, he did not join the call. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, I was taking on mail, but yeah, anything I assume the onboarding meeting. We send to my mailbox. I can I mean, I can forward to Jose that necessary, but yeah.
Robin Barrow: Yeah. No, that's, um. That's fine. Yeah, that will go. The common accelerate will go to you directly. If you have any other individuals you want me to add to the accelerators, let me know and I'll I can go ahead and add them. I'll send a follow up email, but it sounds like if you already met with Chris and you're in a you're good to go if you need additional training for your standard users, once you start rolling it out to the whole team, I can definitely assist with that. Well, we can set up time with the support team or I can send over resources.
hao: As well. Okay. Yeah. And for the compliance accelerator, how many people can you add into that platform?
Robin Barrow: You all get up up to three, so 2 more
hao: So you think you can like add Jose from logic into it, so he can have a keep track of it?
Robin Barrow: I am sure.
hao: I think you should have his email, so
Robin Barrow: I do. Yeah, yeah.
hao: Yeah. I think and I'll let him know about and so me I can on be honest empty. Yeah, sure.
Robin Barrow: So yeah, he's going to take up one of your licenses, if that's okay with you.
hao: For the accelerated.
Robin Barrow: Yes. Yeah. Yeah, yes. Yeah. Okay.
Robin Barrow: Okay. Yeah, I added them. But yeah, I mean, again, this call selfish, y for me, just so I can learn more about you all, introduce myself, but it sounds like you're already up and running. You're in a good spot.
hao: Yeah. Hopefully we get it done soon. Next week, 2 weeks.
Robin Barrow: But yeah. Yeah. I'll send over a guide to I think we have a level one guide that I can send over. That might be helpful, but yeah.
hao: That would be helpful for us. I will take anything. Yeah, suggestion resources. It's really have a lot. We try to get a compliance level too soon. So definitely Andy are that?
Robin Barrow: Yes. Yeah, we always say it takes around 4 to 6 months for level two, but if you got a whole team working on it and I think you're you have assistance from logic, you're in good hands.
hao: Yeah. That's good. All right. Great. Yeah.
Robin Barrow: Awesome. Well, it was really nice to meet you and I'll send a follow up email and thank you so much for jumping on.
hao: Yeah. No worry Robin. Thank you for let us join. Happy meeting today. Several yeah. Okay.
Robin Barrow: Of course. Thanks. Have a great day.
hao: You too. Have a Brady. Bye. Bye.