Account: Sila Solutions Group
Call Date: 2025-12-05
Duration: 00:08:20
Participants: Robin Barrow

======================================================================

Rich Kovach: So
Robin Barrow: I'm doing well. Thank you. Hi, are Robin we waiting on anybody else to join today? Hi Rachel. How
Rich Kovach: Are you just me? It's
Robin Barrow: Doing just well you on the invite. How are you anyways? Okay. Yeah, this is your 90 day check in. I just want to see how things are going honestly. This call is yours. So if you have any feedback or need help with anything now is the best time.
Rich Kovach: Awesome. Yeah, we had our main users on boarded. It was 2 or 3 weeks ago. So they've been using a little bit. We got a majority of the immediate data they wanted to use, we use the SLI tool to get it all uploaded to a shared folder.
Robin Barrow: Great.
Rich Kovach: The experience of like, making sure we shared the folder first was a good call out in the documentation because I didn't do that for one of them and I got to see the how that works. Okay. We have to like, add everybody through it. Yeah. I think the CI tool has a little bit of a learning curve. There's AI think the documentation for that could go could be a little bit stronger. Just in terms of like like some limitations like you can't call sub directories, which is I figured that out through a help ticket and then just how to handle some of the errors that will come up. Like you can run it more than once and it will kind of go back and do the check sums, right? If that was in the documentation. But it seems to be going. I hit errors every once in a while. So I've just been on like larger we have some of our folders are like, larger file counts. Obviously, like the API will kick back a couple of times and I just run it again until I get back, no errors.
Robin Barrow: Okay. And did you submit a ticket for that or are you just kind of running with that on your own?
Rich Kovach: So for the initially I wasn't able to get it to run and that's it was 2 parts one. I was trying to do a sub directory to have smaller file counts. And to help to IT person help me figure out that, it doesn't support that right now. And then the other one was that it needed I needed to have the sort the destination directory at least the first level of it created because it kept erring out that it wasn't there. That one I figured out on my own for the errors that are kicking back. Those I'm just it seems like if I run it multiple, I haven't made a help ticket. If I run it multiple times, it seems like it figures it out. So that's okay.
Robin Barrow: Well, thank you. I remember when we first spoke, you're pretty self efficient. Whereas our customers, most of them are like I'm not even to pretend to try to do the ca tool myself. So that's why they'll they'll submit a ticket. So yeah, at least run it. So thank you for that, but no, that's great feedback. I can definitely bring back to Phil and I'm looking at it. Now, the documentation is a 3 minute read where it should be more in depth. So yeah. Let me I'll definitely take that back to Phil. Well, thank you.
Rich Kovach: Awesome. And then I know the newer version of cloud sync. I think last we talked. It was something that was targeted for end of year. Is that still the case or is that been pushed?
Robin Barrow: It's more with these things. You probably know. It's been pushed out to the end of January, but we are. Yes, it's still slated for at least January. We don't see it budging again. So
Rich Kovach: Does that seem like that's going to? Is there gonna be data movement stuff that we're gonna have to do on our side for that? Or is that gonna be pretty transparent to us when that comes in?
Robin Barrow: We'll definitely let you know before it happens, but I don't think there's gonna be anything that you all need to do. It should happen in the back end.
Rich Kovach: Awesome. And the only other question I had was actually something I was looking at today for the trusted community bit. I wanted to make it that we don't just have people sending file sharing links to, whoever it might be. So I'm assuming that's the right spot for that. Do we have to put our own domain in there or is that handled automatically and we just add the extra domains?
Robin Barrow: I have to double check to see if you need to put your own domain. Let me confirm, I know for instance if you that you all have domain lock on. So if you try to share within your domain if they're not added to the organization, then it will block them. So I want to say yes, but let me just make sure as far as like, if you have any issues with trusted communities too.
Robin Barrow: Yeah. Either way, you can't communicate within your own org unless they're invited.
Rich Kovach: Okay.
Rich Kovach: That's a the feedback and questions I had other than that. I think it's been going pretty good.
Robin Barrow: Great. Just some updates. And do you already know about cloud drive, which is great. Let me just confirm here. Have you been made use of the accelerator at all?
Rich Kovach: Not yet. No. It seems like
Rich Kovach: Whether or not we actually pursue a cms cert is kind of
Rich Kovach: Unknown to me right now, in terms of just above me. So it seems we're kind of treating PreVeil as a CIA approach for where we're putting data should the use case ever come up. We're putting any gray data we have there because we know it can handle it. Okay. And then so I'm not 100% sure if we're gonna actually pursue this certain use the documentation, but it's good to know that it's there. Should we do it? That actually is something that remind me of if we do pursue one, it might be level one to start. And I know your documentation is level 2 centered. Yes, you think that. I'm assuming all the level one stuff is in level 2. So probably just be picking and choosing from your docs to to fill level one, be my guess, right?
Robin Barrow: Right. Level one is only 17 controls. It's pretty simple to me based on what I'm seeing. Yeah, you can obviously some of the controls within level 2 exist are covered in level one, but yeah, it's only only 17. Yeah. Great. So yeah, we are gonna be making some enhancements to the compliance accelerator. So by the time if you if and when you find out that you need to meet level two, there'll be some great updates. We might switch out our LMS that we use for it. We
Robin Barrow: May enhance some sort of LLC in there. So yeah. There there should be updates to come down the line. Those are gonna be later in 20 26 for consulting not cloud drive. And then there's one other. Oh, we again, this won't be important to you, but when you do get compliant or want to move forward with the compliance we have a GRC tool, which you probably be made aware about because we probably spanned you with some emails. But yeah, we have a DC tool now which really just helps you track your progression towards level 2 and stores, your documentation and if you need to collaborate with team members. It's there.
Rich Kovach: To be included or is that gonna be an ad if we
Robin Barrow: Want to use that's an add on right now. Yeah. Trying to think what else we got going on. Really our main focus is just to make the product better and just enhance it more. Like we're gonna come up with an admin dashboard that should be released soon. That will be helpful for your user for yourself to manage your users and understand what's happening in the platform. We haven't got great detail of what's going on, what that's going to look like just yet. But as soon as I hear one, you'll probably get an email. But I'll make a note for you to send more details. But yeah, other than that.
Robin Barrow: We'll let you know if anything else. Really exciting comes down the pipe, I think the biggest one is cloud drive and further down the line, a VDI solution, but we are just in and chats with that and what that would look like. So
Robin Barrow: Yeah. Great. Thanks. Anything else or any feedback you have regarding the team, how did training go? How your experience been onboarding?
Rich Kovach: Yeah, that was all pretty simple. We pushed everything out through in tune ahead of time. Like everybody had everything installed and it was more just an onboarding call to like, get them there. I sent them the email during the call and then like, walk them through with one of them sharing their screen so that they can all follow. They all and I just reiterated it's basically like the one drive you use just more secure and they figure that out pretty easily. So yeah, they liked it.
Robin Barrow: Great. Well, that is music to my ears. That's really all I had today. If there's nothing else. I'll let you enjoy the rest of your Friday and yeah, we'll be in touch.
Rich Kovach: Awesome. You have a great one Robin.
Robin Barrow: You too. Thanks, bye. Bye.