Account: Skyline Technologies
Call Date: 2026-02-02
Duration: 00:27:47
Participants: Robert Nykyforuk, Andrew Meggs

======================================================================

Robert Nykyforuk: Hanging in there for a Monday.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah.
Andrew Meggs: It's just you today, right?
Robert Nykyforuk: Yeah. Just just just me just can I need to be clear on things?
Andrew Meggs: Here. Sure. Yeah. How can I help?
Robert Nykyforuk: Okay. We've gone back and forth a couple of times with respect to just licensing.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. It's probably easier just to meet to talk about this rather than emailing 12 times. Yeah.
Robert Nykyforuk: Yeah. Just because expectations were set a couple of years ago when they started this whole thing. And now we're kind of we're into the short strokes and trying to make sure everything is all the TS across all eyes are dotted and stuff like that. And licensing obviously is a big part of that. And one of the reasons they went with PreVeil when I was doing all my research and trying to figure out what the best approaches for these small companies specifically global manufacturing here.
Robert Nykyforuk: My discussion with Zach seemed to suggest that licensing could be you could get one or 2 admin and one or 2 users and you quote unquote, kind of cover all your bases. Um
Robert Nykyforuk: But now that we've kind of got a consultant involved and gone gone to this point, it seems like to be able to monitor and be able to track things that are required to be able to check those boxes. That it just wouldn't wouldn't I would never be possible like that particular approach would never work. Because you can't
Robert Nykyforuk: You can't put everybody under one particular user, right? It's not like all the everybody in the shop floor that's accessing data to send it to the machine to cut a particular mold. If we need to know that Bob is doing that rather than bill and there's no way just to use user, right? we didn't we know that. Bob was the one that touched that particular file for that particular job. Again, this is my understanding from from the consultant and kind of what where we've gotten to this point now so
Robert Nykyforuk: So I'm just trying to figure out how we can best serve global because they were thinking it was costing one price. They paid that price. And now we're looking at adding essentially 6 more licenses, 6 more license users. Which in Canadian Box is like 50 bucks on whatever the translation is. But I mean, that's 300 bucks a month $3,600 a year. It just again, it's another hunky cash on top of what they've already paid to get to this point. So I just want to be clear because there's other customers that are in the same boat right now too, as far as PreVeil. And it's not gonna work for them and I have another new customer coming on board. They need to be in a position to be audited in October. I have to decide with them which direction to take and which product to use and which consultants to use etc. Very, very quickly. So and they have more like 30 people and now this includes people on the shop floor as well. You have an engineering department, you have uh, designers, you have shop floor machines, et cetera. So I'm again, I'm just trying to get this laid out so that I can present it and it's accurate. It's not going to be something that's gonna boomerang, right? So my first concern is it seems like the beginning discussion was not
Robert Nykyforuk: Not as anticipated that the licensing cannot be used as it was represented. So global is gonna have that particular concern as well. Because I set up we have to have this discussion about licensing and how it's gonna work at this point. So I'm just wondering how that disconnect exists. First off.
Andrew Meggs: I guess I'm not privy to the conversations you had with Zach how however many years ago that was. I did speak with him or rather when we have that initial conversation back in January. I did ask him about that. And I think I believe I followed up with you there to to the best of his knowledge. He doesn't understand how that disconnect happened either. But basically if as you were saying, anyone who's accessing UI that we would they would need to be logs of who was accessing it. Whenever so the people would need to have individual licenses and I'm not sure how that disconnect happened at the beginning of your conversations with PreVeil. And I'm sorry about that.
Robert Nykyforuk: That was every customer. So that's plate. Initially, it was global manufacturing and other 2 supply chain companies plate master and tens machine. We were looking at them. Both of them initially purchased PreVeil as well. Under the same assumption that a admin user license or admin in a couple of user licenses was going to be sufficient, not because they only had 2 or 3 people on the shop floor. But because it was their understanding that was all that was required to comply with being able to at the time again, not understanding how to track or what what really the boxes where that had to be checked. When signing on the dot online. So it wasn't just global and it wasn't just play master and it wasn't just 10 machine. It was all of them collectively that had the same understanding and signed off now. I certainly don't want to be the one where someone's saying, well, you missed representatives and I'm like, well, no, you there's a contract that we had a salesperson. They explained it, you sign in the door line kind of thing. And now, if you want to continue with it and you have 5 people you need to get 3 or 4 more licenses or whatever. So again, it just seems really weird that could possibly be the case. There should never be a circumstance. Then in my opinion, where a salesperson wouldn't say, okay, how like specifically how many people are going to be touching this data because we need to track it. Oh, that's 5. That's 7 that's 17 kind of thing. So that's my initial, kind of concern.
Robert Nykyforuk: Is that it wasn't just one company that had that understanding, it was multiple ones and multiple ones that signed contract. So Pam's dropped off and plate master as far as they're still involved. But quite frankly, they just have not been responsive to to global. So it's been kind of weird in the sense that both the companies have not really communicated with the company that primarily had to do this. Because they said if you want to remain suppliers, you need to do this as well. And they said yes, but then I have not really talked to us. It's been weird. That's another weird thing. But again now now we're kind of at the point where if they want to get their system security plan and some of the policies done and pushing pushing forward getting their per core better increase higher licensing is one of those things. We have to start tracking people. So before it was purchased kind of like, okay, we have it, we're checking these boxes off. We're going through the policies, the consultant is doing. Their thing. So it was kind of like we needed it first now. We're like, okay, now you specifically have to implement it, right? you have to get in the trenches and start doing this. Yeah, it's just really confusing to me that it could have been
Robert Nykyforuk: It should that it wasn't completely abundantly clear to begin with
Robert Nykyforuk: And with another customer on the horizon, I don't feel comfortable like
Robert Nykyforuk: I'm like now I'm gonna kind of reevaluate my approach with them because I'm like, okay, well again, I thought you might need 3 or 4 licenses. When in fact you need 17 licenses. Maybe this maybe there's quick track or somebody maybe there's should be other options there would be more beneficial based on the price now going up significantly more than we had anticipated. Does that make sense? again, it's just I need to make AI need to kind of fix things a global somehow or at least have something palatable for them. And then if I have another customer that wants to move forward, they're gonna have to be abundantly clear both their options and the costs involved, otherwise they can't make an informed decision. So
Robert Nykyforuk: Yeah. Maybe part of this is just kind of venting too. Because I'm like, okay. I just I'm just not sure what to do at this point other than tell them they have to pay more. And for a new customer. I invested some additional time talking to other companies with other options trying to figure out again, price points and whether it's what's the going to be the best approach for them. But ultimately, that's gonna come down to talking to the consultant and basically saying, okay, this initially looking at your options and whether you want to do it option a option, b, option C. And these are kind of the prices that are generally going to be associated with going in those directions.
Robert Nykyforuk: So so yeah, like I said, maybe this is a little bit of venting too. Is trying to understand how things kind of got to this point and moving forward, whether it's
Robert Nykyforuk: Understand the pricing model. Well, enough to make sure that I'm going back to this customer to and saying, okay, well, it's not gonna be this price point it's gonna be this price point now. Potentially, right? So things like I'm sure you're familiar with quick track and some of the other competing products out there and how they do an on cave or how they do all of it or etc. It makes a difference in pricing if now, you're think you're paying several $100 a month and now you're gonna pay a few $1,000 a month, right?
Robert Nykyforuk: Right. Right. So so that's what I'm looking at now is global.
Robert Nykyforuk: Somehow there's a miscommunication. If they want to continue to PreVeil and renew in a few months. I think it's June. I have to check and see, I think June 1st is there June 1st?
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. That's June the end of June, actually. So I think it's June 26th, yeah. June 26th.
Robert Nykyforuk: Again, it's whether or not this works from because we haven't even implemented yet, right? It was more like, okay, let's get the policies. Let's get access to the university. Let's get access to support. Let's understand how to do this first kind of thing, right? that's really what it came down. So they paid for part of this was paying for. What they felt was like a boiler plate kind of approach to this which doesn't that didn't really fit. It's not that's not really working for them. A lot of the policies and stuff are coming through the consultant versus anything PreVeil provided. So that again, that's kind of approach that I probably wouldn't pursue in the future. But in
Andrew Meggs: Any event um
Robert Nykyforuk: That's gonna again there's a few months to make a decision where they're gonna have to either stick with this or switch to something else. So
Robert Nykyforuk: Again, I'm just trying to figure out how I can do that. If the price point makes if it makes sense to continue or not or renew or introduce another customer to this. So reassure me Andrew or
Andrew Meggs: I guess all of what you've said makes sense. I guess what is the what does the ask here for PreVeil?
Robert Nykyforuk: Well, 2 things I guess. One is again, kind of an understanding of how moving forward licensing is gonna be different than it was initially being presented because it sounds I don't want to be accusatory, but I mean, it was almost disingenuous. It seems like this is the low price of getting this wonderful product. Now that we're in the thick of it's kind of like, well, no. It's gonna be more expensive and had I started with this other customer and it was they went with 3 licenses, but then ended up dating 17. It would've been like, that would have been catastrophic. They would have dumped me, right? um, that lack of clarity. Like clarity moving forward or understanding licensing, seems like it needs to be paramount. And the second thing is moving forward is how is there anything we can do with global as far as licensing? Or it's just when they sign on the dog line in June or if they want more licenses, that's it. The price is the price at this point. Because I again, I kind of feel like they were going to lead down the garden path and we didn't realize it till now that it was going to be more expensive than than they thought.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. So any conversations about about potential future clients that would be with that would be with Zach as I said back in January, I don't know what he said to you. Whether or not he was disingenuous, I don't know. And if so, I apologize. As
Andrew Meggs: I
Robert Nykyforuk: Hesitate to use the word. But I mean, it's kind of like it wasn't one customers 3 so the understanding on how the licensing worked 3 different companies, misunderstood it.
Andrew Meggs: Right. And once again, I don't know how that happened. I don't have an answer for you. I can provide zack's contact information if you would like to have the discussion with him. But I you know, that's kind of out of my hands there and I wasn't around, then. And for future customers that would be a conversation with him about determining exactly how many licenses you'd you would need for them. Basically it's 2 separate teams. So I'm kind of only existing customers only. But I mean, to that point to your existing customers if they did need more licenses and it sounds like some of them do and it is a situation in which they had an understanding that they only would need 3 and now it turns out they need 5 or 7 or however many I could most likely get approval for a discount on some of those additional licenses or all of the additional licenses. I can't promise they would be free or anything like that, but I could most likely get approval for a discount on them. For suffering if you will or the miscommunication there.
Robert Nykyforuk: Okay. Well, um
Robert Nykyforuk: I can certainly get back to you on that. I believe global has has 9 people in the loop. So it would technically need 6 more. One person is
Andrew Meggs: Uh
Robert Nykyforuk: Rob, who I just added on is kind of the
Robert Nykyforuk: New lead, I guess he's the youngest guy on on the group kind of thing. So Mike and John are production and kind of management people and both of them are getting up there in years. Pete is younger he's he's he's kind of like more of the CC manager and rob the one I added is kind of looking to potentially take over some of the work from one of those 2 other guys. So again, it looks like there's gonna be kind of the 4 of them. They're gonna move forward and uh
Robert Nykyforuk: Monitor things and kind of be in charge. But there's there's another after that 4 there's 5 more people that I'm aware of on the floor. That would all have to access information to be able to manipulate it and then send it to a machine to be able to cut apart. That would mean 6 licenses, more. Total one for rob who I added and then 5 more for those other people and this is coming up this month. So we have a meeting with our consultant and uh
Robert Nykyforuk: On the 10th. Kind of things got pushed off when. And when global was trying to complete their control goods and it kind of got pushed and they have some something they have to write testing or there's an audit or something this coming week. And then after that, we can kind of shift gears back to cms. So so yeah, for them, it looks like they're gonna need 6 more user licenses. Yeah, whatever it could be done with the cost of those licenses. I would present that to them.
Robert Nykyforuk: And as I mentioned a plate master Joe there hasn't talked to us. So I'm kind of not gonna worry about him if he has a concern or whatever then that's all what we to him and Tim is like I mentioned as well. Just dropped out. So they said they're gonna do their own thing to comply and it wasn't prevailed. So again, I'm like okay, fine. That's fine. Just we're asking for a spur score from these people, right? I don't know what else to do at this point since global needs a supply chain that is kind of moving forward as well with compliance. So these guys may or may not be as far as I'm even aware of because they're not communicating so I'm not worried about them. I'm worried about global. It looks like it would be 6 more users. So whatever we can do with the pricing and the license on those licenses, I would present to them we can move forward on that. And then that would have to I guess you would have to decide but I mean, as far as carrying through licensing cost through June since it's only it's February.
Robert Nykyforuk: Now, that's not that far away. It's pretty it's only a few months away. So anyway, yeah. Whatever you could do there, then that would be
Robert Nykyforuk: Great. And I would present that to
Robert Nykyforuk: Mike and John is the price moving forward for licensing.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. I could get approval for probably a one time discount of these licenses because of this miscommunication, it'd be co termed with however, many months are left in the subscription, 4 months. Um
Andrew Meggs: I can't I mean at least on on this call right now. I can't commit to that being a permanent discount that they would get for their renewal as well. Because at that point they would know their full price and then they can make that decision at that time. But at the very least, I can get an approval for these licenses in the short term because that miscommunication. So I can definitely send that over. And then like, I was saying about the other questions about possible. Mis construction of however many licenses were needed in the beginning that you know, out of my hands to be perfectly honest. That's the sales team and that they they have those discussions. But yeah, for any future clients, I would definitely have that conversation with Zach about exactly how many licenses would be needed, but for global at the very least, I can handle this situation and get those get the pricing to you.
Robert Nykyforuk: Okay. Is Zach a manager or a salesperson? And is there a sales manager?
Andrew Meggs: I don't actually know, Zach, official title, but he is a sales person. He is not the manager of sales now.
Robert Nykyforuk: Okay. Because I'm thinking that would be the person I'd like to talk to would be the sales manager rather than sales person because that seems like it would be an issue that would have to be addressed at a department level like that. I don't again, I'm not I'm trying not to point fingers at exactly like that. It's just I know nothing about the licensing. So his his the sales departments education of the customer would be if you handle if they're accessing folders because there was I could have sworn we had a discussion at the beginning about free licenses. And if people just had to access data to put down, then they could do that with a quote, unquote free license, we would provide that. There'd be unlimited number of lows based on customers or whatever as well. So again, if it's a miscommunication there um
Robert Nykyforuk: Those happen. But again, I'm thinking of for a larger organization. It makes a significant difference in in licensing cost if there's a miscommunication like that. So it should be there should be a pretty pretty straightforward ratio. Do these guys in the shop floor or do they have to access code directly? are they getting something derivative? is someone else manipulating and sending them part of the data for their generating code? And then it becomes a consultants decision, whether or not that person is actually handing in or whether it's not in which case we wouldn't need a license for them. So that's maybe a matter of process, but again, I don't know that's not me. I would figure that would just be a question at the beginning. People would check some boxes or map map that out. Yes, you have 20 people or 10 people or 5 people and whether they're an administrator or a user, that would be the decision among that group of people. So again, if it's not you Andrew I guess it would be more of a sales manager or sales department discussion. Just I want to make sure that if I'm gonna use PreVeil and quote it to another customer that there there is no confusion with licensing and there's no confusion on how what the qualifications are. If it's 50 customers that have to access it, you don't pay for that. If it's 50 employees of access, then you do pay for that, right? Whether whether or not they're just accessing it to copy it or bring it down or open it on their system to send it to a machine. So
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. So so Vince is our head of sales and Sam is the person. Sam would also probably want to be involved because he handles all of our partnership relationships like with resellers and everything. I'll provide both of their e mail addresses and the follow up email too, if you want to reach out to them.
Robert Nykyforuk: Yeah. It's I don't want to spend too much more time on it. I just want to make sure that we're clear on the relationship going forward. I have a couple of other companies as well. But if it's if I'm misrepresenting it that obviously reflects badly on me and I'm the one that's gonna get get ding customers will draw me, which is what I don't want to do. Global will not just because I've been with them for 20 odd years. Like and I know Mike and John they're gonna be like, okay, this was a there was a misunderstanding and we'll work on what we have to do to move forward. Some other customers might not be so
Robert Nykyforuk: Understanding
Andrew Meggs: Right. And honestly, from what you're saying it does sound like it might just be a misunderstanding. I mean, Zach, I've known him for years now. He does not. He's not one I know to be disingenuous or anything like that. And there are technically infinite guest licenses, but it is only for external users. It's not for internal use. So it could just be just some misunderstandings like that. So but I will provide Vince and Sam's contact information. If you need any more clarification or if you want to have a separate meeting with them to to go over the specifics of how you want to present PreVeil to any potential customers going forward.
Robert Nykyforuk: Well, with everything that's going on between the United States and Canada. It's if there's some strange relationships there, but there's people there's
Robert Nykyforuk: Supposedly and we'll see how this moves forward, but the Canadian government is can be spending a lot more money on defense. There's one more defense contracts, more things being built. More companies are gonna have to handle that data. So I'm assuming based on some of my discussion is that customers are now kind of asking what what do we have to do to get prepared. And there's also companies out in the states that they're dealing with that are asking for these what do you what are you doing right now as far as CC or JP or any number of um
Robert Nykyforuk: Other, I guess, options some people missed 800 dash 1 7 one what is it? Where are you guys? So all these things are in the pipe and people are interested in in how people are handling data and that's becoming more relevant as more money in Canada is gonna be coming into this particular area. So
Robert Nykyforuk: I just yeah. Like I said, I just want to be clear if I'm putting my cards down and I've engaged with a couple of consulting companies, a couple of SPs and they're fulfilling certain parts of the contract. And I am the general contractor putting this together that I'm just I'm not leading people straight. So
Robert Nykyforuk: I hate to be to the course. I feel like I've run up and down. You have 40 times the same thing, but ultimately, it's just people trust me. They've known me. I want to make sure I'm not telling them the wrong thing. And then when you lay the cards in front of them, they can decide as long as they have the proper information, the proper pricing, I'm like this is what it is. But what option do you want to pursue? And then we'll do that. So so yeah, I'm not I don't want to get Zack and I'm sure I'm not gonna be exactly sort of trouble. Again, it's I'm just thinking there's there was a miscommunication somehow, but moving forward, I want to make sure we're completely clear. So
Robert Nykyforuk: Bottom line is, I can talk to Vince or Sam or both of them. Make sure I'm clear now, on the licensing the questions that I'm gonna have to ask and make sure we know how many licenses we need. And if you could look at what we could do with global pricing for the next several to their renewal, at least I guess it would be the end of June or beginning of July, whatever.
Andrew Meggs: Technically, it's June 24th, but yeah, it'll be on the form.
Robert Nykyforuk: Then we can I can talk to them and we could look moving forward with that. So
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. Okay. Yeah, I will definitely I'll put that order form together and I will provide that contact information. I was talking to you about so if you wanted to reach out to Sam and or Vince after that, you certainly can. And yeah. Was there anything else you wanted to go over?
Robert Nykyforuk: No, I just whatever price you give me. I'm gonna I am gonna do like the normal reseller price on top of that. Um
Robert Nykyforuk: I still have it. I still have to make a little slice of
Andrew Meggs: The exactly.
Robert Nykyforuk: Yeah. Yeah, moving forward. But I mean um
Robert Nykyforuk: No, I don't think so at this point, that would be it. So yeah. Put that together. Great. I'll I'll talk a global. We'll get that worked out with them and keep moving forward.
Andrew Meggs: Okay. Well yeah. I'll send this over and I appreciate your time Robert and you have my contact info. So if you need anything else or if you have any other questions, definitely don't hesitate to to reach out and let me know.
Robert Nykyforuk: Okay. And to be clear, it's I talk to you if it's gonna be global, but if it's a new customer, I would talk to Zack.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. Yeah. Kind of that. Probably we would have been helpful at the beginning to delineation of duties there. So I'm technically not a salesperson. I am on the customer success team. So I'm the post sale account manager. I am not in any way. Shape or form involved in the sales process. Okay. But yeah, uh, I will send this over and I hope you have a great rest of your day.
Robert Nykyforuk: Alright, thank you, sir. You too.
Andrew Meggs: Have a good one. Okay.