Account: SMI CA INC
Call Date: 2026-01-30
Duration: 00:26:28
Participants: Robin Barrow, David Okamoto

======================================================================

Robin Barrow: So
Robin Barrow: Is anyone else joining? Hi, David today how
David Okamoto: Are you? I hope hi. So just yeah. Pretty my good time. Good.
Robin Barrow: No worries.
Robin Barrow: We can we can give it a sec. This is your 90 day check in. So it's yeah. I
David Okamoto: Need other guys uh
David Okamoto: Let me check.
David Okamoto: So you got the snowstorm there?
Robin Barrow: We did. Yeah, it was we got 24 inches.
David Okamoto: Wow. That so yeah.
Robin Barrow: I and I think we're getting I think we're gonna get a storm this weekend, but it's mainly gonna be the not so fun stuff like wind and blood. Yeah.
David Okamoto: Are you located?
Robin Barrow: I'm in Quincy Massachusetts.
David Okamoto: Kinsey Massachusetts near Boston.
Robin Barrow: It is. Yeah, it's only like 20 minutes, south of Boston. Yeah.
David Okamoto: Okay. Yeah. Well
David Okamoto: I'm located in New York. Oh, okay. Yeah, we had a snow, but not that much. Maybe 8 18 inch.
Robin Barrow: That's still a lot more than I need. That's for sure. Yeah. Yeah. They
Robin Barrow: It's always just they never know because they try to downplay the storms and then we'll get
David Okamoto: It really high. Jessica. Oh, can you get long?
David Okamoto: Gosh, they have a zoom. Zoom number.
David Okamoto: It should be.
Robin Barrow: I don't see it.
David Okamoto: I will forward this one to you.
Robin Barrow: I have uh
Robin Barrow: Matthew and then, right dashell
David Okamoto: To yeah.
David Okamoto: To do this
David Okamoto: For this
Robin Barrow: Do who do you want me to forward the invite?
David Okamoto: Invite again that to date and Matthew
Robin Barrow: Okay. I can I'll email them because I didn't accept the invite, so I'll just email them and say here is
Robin Barrow: And then I'll
Robin Barrow: Um
Robin Barrow: Copy invite link.
Robin Barrow: There we go.
David Okamoto: Yeah. Yeah. The way that we are working is I'm I'm not the onsite. Those 2 guys are onsite managers. And they are in charge of the this this program.
Robin Barrow: Okay. Yeah, we can give it a few.
Robin Barrow: Let me just I want to take a look to see.
Robin Barrow: If anything's been created yet?
Robin Barrow: And I'm not seeing it so
David Okamoto: I mean, that created.
Robin Barrow: I was seeing I was looking to see if the organization has been set up yet and it has not, but that's exactly why these calls happen. It's let's start using the platform. Let's get into the platform. Yeah.
Robin Barrow: You don't. That's what we're I'm here for. So I can help
David Okamoto: So far, I was watching the video and kind of went through the whole video videos. Not not the 100%, but the most most of them and I get a pretty good idea. What's what needs to be done going forward, but
David Okamoto: Yeah. You can guide us on that, especially the
David Okamoto: We suppose create a document and post it in some some place.
Robin Barrow: Yeah. Yes. I can go over that again.
David Okamoto: Yeah. Yeah, definitely. Oh.
David Okamoto: Yeah.
Robin Barrow: So we're just waiting
Robin Barrow: On 2 more
David Okamoto: Yeah.
David Okamoto: That is coming.
Robin Barrow: Yeah.
Robin Barrow: And masaki, where are you located?
Robin Barrow: Oh, so you gotten it's I heard it's nice there right now too. Yes. Nice.
Masaki: 80 degree.
Robin Barrow: Jealous.
Robin Barrow: Yeah.
Robin Barrow: Very jealous.
Robin Barrow: I just got in from walking the dog outside and it was
Robin Barrow: Feels like negative, what did it say? Negative eight?
Robin Barrow: But because we have the win no. Excuse me. Negative one now. It warmed up a little bit.
Robin Barrow: Warmed up a little bit. That's okay. Um
Robin Barrow: Yeah. I'll start a little bit on here there.
Robin Barrow: I think
Masaki: Maybe I might have talked to him.
David Okamoto: He's coming he came now.
Robin Barrow: He's here.
Robin Barrow: Hello, hello? Yeah. Hi, hi, hi. Great. So David mentioned he had worked through the accelerator and some of the courses and gone through. What's required for cms level 2. But the main what you all purchased PreVeil for is the email and drive. Being able to manage and source the UI into a platform. Hasn't been set up yet. So the whole purpose of today's call, it's gets you all back on track. Let's get you all downloading the software and using it. So if I can remember the reason why you all purchase PreVeil is because you have these government contracts in place that require you all to manage and store a UI in a certain manner. Yeah. So
Robin Barrow: I to answer your question David yes. The accelerator is really
Robin Barrow: I call it the show your work show that you've put the security measures in place. So you are cms level 2 compliant and you can then move forward with these government contracts and work with these government contracts, but
Robin Barrow: The big piece of it. And we say it's around if you install PreVeil and did nothing and didn't have any training or of your staff on it or putting documentation in place. You're meeting around 30 of the controls. It's a big it's a decent chunk. We say we share 102 that includes the documentation and putting these practices in place. But yeah, the big piece is actually getting the software on. So you all don't remind don't mind reminding me who will be who is the are the admins on the account, are going to be the admins on the account, there's 2 of you. I'll be one
Dachul: Okay. Day 2.
Robin Barrow: Okay. Great. And then there's one other you don't have to make that decision now. But data if you could download PreVeil, send over the instructions today on how to do so. You just need to download PreVeil on one device and set up the org and invite the other users out. That's step one of just getting PreVeil up and running. And then from there you would you would do a technical onboarding again. You don't have to do the technical onboarding, but to be blunt you paid for it. Go ahead and use it. And the support teams there to help you they're gonna make sure your or set up correctly. And yeah. I would just say it's a good resource and because I'm gonna schedule another one of these calls and I don't want I want you guys using the platform by then so let's do that as soon as you can or as soon as you have the time. But I guess I'll I will ask are you all still actively working on government contracts? And you still have this Dr 70 twelve? clause. Yeah. Okay. Okay. So there still is a need for it? I just want to make sure. Okay. Yeah, I would say I'll send over the instructions, but yeah, it's a very simple download and an invite. And it's that's what you use for PreVeil.
Robin Barrow: Through your emails.
Robin Barrow: Um
Robin Barrow: We just confirm and yeah, you're it's a small setup too. You don't have a ton of users, but what questions do you have?
Robin Barrow: If any
Robin Barrow: You don't have to have questions. I just want to make sure that you understand what the next steps are as far as getting PreVeil downloaded.
Dachul: Yeah. Yeah. I don't have any right now. I have more once I start fiddling with the program.
Robin Barrow: Okay. I guess yeah.
Masaki: Okay. Because
Masaki: Your not my side.
Robin Barrow: That's fine. I just when that makes sense to me. It's just when we chatted back in October. I just want to make sure I give you everything you need. So you use it because now we're in January and I don't see anything set up yet. That's again, that's what these calls are for. It's not for me to be like you got to use it or pressure you into it, but again, you paid for it. I want to make sure you're using it and join the platform.
Robin Barrow: And
Robin Barrow: David, I know you've been having some use of the accelerator. Is there anyone else you want me to add to it? Any parts where you're confused on or areas that you want more help on?
David Okamoto: The uh
David Okamoto: I what through the videos and I started to work on the cyber security spit. Yep.
Robin Barrow: The system security plan.
David Okamoto: Yeah. System security, yes. Uh I know that I have we have to modify that those diagrams boundaries.
David Okamoto: If we do if we create something that we think that this is the way what will be is there any way that to verify that I have to fill out the all those ranks that PreVeil this document? Yes. Yeah. And once we create it is there any way to verify that the way that we kind of a
David Okamoto: Correct one. Yeah.
Robin Barrow: Yeah. Is there a way I would say that's when you utilize the compliance team, you go over your SP and say and that's when you book time with them. And those courses are excuse me, the that time is available to you have 6 30 minute sessions with them. Oh, and you could yeah, you can schedule it right here. Yeah. And
Robin Barrow: Under additional compliance resources in the accelerator you would schedule it right here and it brings you to their calendar.
David Okamoto: Oh, okay.
Robin Barrow: Yeah, this is all these meetings are available to you. They're part of your what you purchase. But then if you have questions regarding the SP or how it should be structured, that's exactly what you use those calls for. They'll they'll help you
David Okamoto: Okay.
Robin Barrow: Um
Robin Barrow: But yeah. The
Robin Barrow: Yes. It's um
Robin Barrow: It's
Robin Barrow: It is a beast. I'm trying to phrase this correctly. It's the cms. Documentation does take a lot of work and time. But it's that's what we're trying to make it as easy as we can for you all with the doc the templates and also the assistance from the compliance team. Yeah. If you throw your hands up and you're like, I don't want to do this, but I know I have to we do have a partner network that will do this for you. And we could definitely recommend some folks. But again, that comes out an additional cost. Some people find it's worth it because I don't know about you, but I think majority of business owners don't get into business to be C C level to compliant that. And they want to rather focus on other things, but um
Robin Barrow: So they do find it valuable, but it doesn't mean it's impossible to do the documentation on your own. It definitely is possible it just takes time.
David Okamoto: Okay. Yeah. Maybe with the help.
David Okamoto: We can do our own, but the recently I noticed that the the government contract, the one that we are getting. It shows the C M C H 2 self assessment.
David Okamoto: So
David Okamoto: So that but eventually this won't go into the to the party assessment, right?
Robin Barrow: Yeah. I've seen a lot of new contracts require the level 2 certification. And then um
Robin Barrow: I think a couple of renewal contracts, but there's still a lot of contracts in place that just require the self assessment.
Robin Barrow: With the goals of eventually getting to the
David Okamoto: Assessment mean that the you know, if I look through the video, the there is a section talking about self assessment. We haven't obviously we haven't gone there yet, right.
Robin Barrow: Right. The self assessment. That's where you go through. Either our shared responsibility matrix go through the controls that you all have in place with the understanding of what you have in place and then you give yourself a score from there out of 1 10. From there you would submit it into the SPs system. We have a calculator it is pretty basic another thing available to you. Again, I would wait till you get more comfortable with PreVeil on the actual accelerator, but we have a governance risk compliance tool that helps you track your documentation and track your score. And those are used for third party assessments, but also for updating your score in in the SP RS system.
David Okamoto: So right now, the next thing we should do is start using the this PreVeil on grade, right?
Robin Barrow: Yes, that would be the immediate next step. I'll send over like I said, I'll send over instructions, but that would be the first thing just download PreVeil. Get you all into the system. So therefore if you do start receiving C UI, you can start storing it in PreVeil and protecting it. Okay. C UI, it, sci, all the fun acronyms should start going going into PreVeil.
David Okamoto: Okay.
David Okamoto: All right. They okay. That's your
David Okamoto: Next.
Dachul: Yeah. Yeah. Sounds straightforward. And start looking at the program and
Dachul: Figuring it out.
Robin Barrow: Yeah. The knowledge base is pretty straightforward to. It gives you step by step guide on how to get it on your system and are you are a Microsoft environment, correct? Yeah. Okay. Yeah, it is.
Robin Barrow: It works with google too, but I was just curious. Yeah. I'll like I said, I'll send over next steps on how to get the system downloaded and up and running. And then I'll schedule more time for us to connect. And again, in another 90 days actually, I might do 60 days just to make sure we're feeling good and we're using the platform. And then yeah, that I'll leave you guys alone. But of course, if you have any questions or if anything comes up, you just reach out to me if you are having technical issues with the platform reach out to me. And I'll probably loop in the support team. But yeah. Any other questions or anything else I can help out with today?
Dachul: I'm pretty good.
David Okamoto: Yeah. So data and mask can work together on the on this setting up PreVeil. I mean, it seems sounds very straightforward, but anyway, appliances, 3 of us and start using it. Then the we're gonna add the two, I think 2 more and uh
David Okamoto: Came to David. Came to is to so I think I'm also sure about inspector inspection.
David Okamoto: The one thing is uh
David Okamoto: It's about the boundary, right? right now, the data is the one that receiving the this document government document and classify document. And so
David Okamoto: So then he has his office and he's a printer
David Okamoto: Printer is basically. It's it's not the exclusive printer. Right now. It's a kind of copy matching, copy machine, trash printer.
David Okamoto: But this is this kind of program.
Robin Barrow: It depends. We do have a lot of folks that have printers that are in scope. It has to like, be very secure on its own secure network and separated from the rest of the scope. Not the rest of the scope that has to say what you have to include in your boundary. But somebody in counting can't send something to print to that printer. It needs to be completely removed. Strictly foresee UI work.
Dachul: Oh, I could just get it and print and hook it up to my computer.
Robin Barrow: Yeah. And you have to make sure your network that you have for that device is
Robin Barrow: Also segmented
Dachul: Um
Robin Barrow: Yeah. It's the CI not only does it say, okay. You have this on cave and you're you're protecting
Robin Barrow: You have a layer protecting this work. You also have to protect the endpoints. So you have to protect your computers. You have to protect the network. You have to put things like bit locker in place. You have to put things like the fender on your computers. It's the requirement is so that your computer can't be picked up on the side of the street and someone can just start finding your PreVeil login, start taking everything. It's encrypted in transit is encrypted at rest. You have to have that encryption key, but you also need to protect the endpoint, which is the actual device.
Robin Barrow: That's why they say unless you're using a government issued phone or you're using a government issued. I don't know, iPad or anything like that. Um
Robin Barrow: Unless those devices are government issued, you can't you shouldn't be adding them to your PreVeil. So you don't want to add your phone to your PreVeil or add PreVeil to your phone because that phone is then in scope. So it does take some work, understanding your boundary and completely scoping out what devices what people need to be protected.
David Okamoto: So the let's say that there's one computer in the digital office that
David Okamoto: That should it should have access to the PreVeil and then the if my laptop, if I use my laptop, I have access to the PreVeil. That's okay. I'm a part of can be the part of the this boundary, right?
Robin Barrow: You can, but you also have to protect your laptop and you have to make sure you're logging into that secure network that you all created for this work.
Robin Barrow: So are you using your laptop for personal use or is it strictly just for work?
David Okamoto: I think it's most
Robin Barrow: Yeah. That's um
Robin Barrow: If you go not to point to accelerate, but I'm gonna point to accelerated because these are great questions. But the if you go to how do I secure my end points? That's gonna talk about your devices, your computers. And here I'll share my screen. And then if you go to
Robin Barrow: These 2 courses explain it. How do I segment my network? We give you actually segmentation guide.
Robin Barrow: My word. So it goes through and tells you how
Robin Barrow: Why and how you go about segmenting your network?
Robin Barrow: Or isolated, I should say. And then um
Robin Barrow: If you go back here.
Robin Barrow: This is how you secure your endpoints.
Robin Barrow: And it actually goes through there. It is. It goes through it explains.
Robin Barrow: What's required to secure your endpoints and what controls under the this requirements it points to
Robin Barrow: And then obviously we majority of our documentation around Microsoft products. So we're gonna go ahead and recommend Microsoft products. So defender and
Robin Barrow: Tens and all these sort of things.
Robin Barrow: And we go through
Robin Barrow: Explain each and how to configure it. Um
Robin Barrow: But that's what I mean, it's a ton of work.
David Okamoto: That's where I think most are you able to?
David Okamoto: Handle that. Yeah. Yeah.
Masaki: Talk about it.
Masaki: Yeah. I only can I my
David Okamoto: Very
Masaki: Everything. Um
Robin Barrow: Yeah. It's and I can add you make to the accelerator. So you can see these configurations if you'd like. I don't know if you want to be, but yeah.
Masaki: I meant to that cost.
Robin Barrow: Oh, you did? Okay. Yes. So basically, I watched everything from
Masaki: Top to bottom yeah. The video yet.
Robin Barrow: Okay. Yeah. Okay. Great. So yeah. Again, we like I said, we do have a partner network that can help us assist you with doing this. I'm sure you are capable on your own. It's just if you have the time while doing your full time job. So it's a lot of work. Yeah.
Masaki: Yeah.
Robin Barrow: But again, that might be something you all need to collaborate on together without me. And
Robin Barrow: We're here to help the compliance team is here to help. They can maybe give you a a better description than I can for sure. But yeah.
Robin Barrow: It's all I got
Masaki: Okay. Thank you.
Robin Barrow: No, of course. I'll send a recap of this call as well. Unless David did you have any other questions?
David Okamoto: No. I think we have enough to welcome.
Robin Barrow: Okay. Sounds good. And I'll resend the instructions on how to get PreVeil downloaded. But again, please feel free to reach out if you have any questions or any other concerns. I'm here to help.
David Okamoto: Okay. Thank you.
Robin Barrow: Enjoy the rest of your day. Thank you, your weekend. Bye, you too.