Account: Softek Global Services dba Strategic Growth Partners
Call Date: 2026-01-14
Duration: 00:32:10
Participants: Kevin Turnage, Robin Barrow, Gregg Laroche, Aaron Reale

======================================================================

Robin Barrow: So
Robin Barrow: In now
Robin Barrow: So sorry.
Robin Barrow: I'm going to let the customer
Robin Barrow: Hi, Kevin, how are you?
Robin Barrow: Is it me? Can I not?
Gregg Laroche: I can hear you Robin.
Robin Barrow: Oh, you can okay. Great.
Kevin Turnage: No, I can. Yeah, sorry. Okay.
Robin Barrow: There you go. Hi, Kevin, I apologize for the delay here. A little backed back this morning, but thank you so much for jumping on. Kevin I believe you met Greg before. He is our head of product here at PreVeil. And I had him join today just to go over some of the concerns that you had on our last call Monday. I did create a call agenda, but feel free to add anything. And I see that we have some folks not only from your side, but also the customer side as well.
Kevin Turnage: Absolutely. Yeah. We have Aaron real here from Puyenpa, the customer side and he leads entire lead and he's been our pioneer for them testing out PreVeil before we roll it out to the other business units and then there's Michael do blah. He is there CIO as well.
Robin Barrow: Excellent. Thank you both for joining.
MIchael DuBois: My pleasure and be really nice to Aaron. He's been very patient with you.
Robin Barrow: He has no. And we appreciate you Aaron very much. No, I appreciate the support as well. No. Thank you. All, like I said for jumping on. I guess we can kind of just dive into it. I think the main purpose of today's call is go over logging and how logging works with PreVeil and then talk about what that looks like for an assessment. So I don't know Kevin if you want to kick off or I can go based on the agenda that I had.
Kevin Turnage: Before we jump in just a quick question. There is the webinar tomorrow around noon give or take a time zone and that's gonna have a demo, correct?
Kevin Turnage: Of the new product.
Robin Barrow: Of cloud drive. Let me yes. Yeah, that's the plan. I'm
Gregg Laroche: I'm presenting at that event. So yeah, my our plan is to do a cloud drive demonstration. Talk a little bit about the new virtual desktop desktop offering as well.
Kevin Turnage: Awesome. So Aaron, if you can make it, that'd be a great time to really jump in on that one. Get familiar with what it can do and get your insights on it. Yes, sir. Looking forward to it.
Robin Barrow: I get if you all can join it. I'm sure. Recording will be available shortly after as well.
Kevin Turnage: Yeah, I love to save those.
Robin Barrow: Great. We love it.
Kevin Turnage: And if you register you'll get
Gregg Laroche: On that list for the recording. So, yeah.
Kevin Turnage: Exactly. All right. For the logging. I think one of the core questions we had. We have a meeting that we're trying to schedule out here with Phil. He did get back with me. We're trying to orchestrate that between ourselves and have code. But we had a code was digging in and they weren't able to find unique identifiers for devices and trace logs and things along those lines and Aaron if you find these details aren't relevant to you. I don't want to eat up your time, but I figured take this time to ask Greg. Any questions you have about the product as well? Jump in at any time because your time's preset on the customer side. I appreciate that.
Kevin Turnage: They weren't able to find anything at abaco and it was really concerning. There was also the recent incident of the email gateway that went down. So only one of the 3 PreVeil tenants, even got a notice that there was something wrong with the email gateway and it didn't come out until the 10th of January, which is frustrating. Because according to the do e mails weren't coming through all the way from late December. So for about 20 days, they weren't coming through. Okay. And the system was turned off and there was no indicators whatsoever and that's a major system change. So we didn't get a notice from PreVeil, the logs didn't generate anything. And we were really looking for some strong pertinent alert that we can have as a backup on our end to send through a code and make a critical ticket as a workflow for ourselves.
Gregg Laroche: Yeah yeah that's all understandable yeah there really aren't any really good excuses for this it was kind of a silent failure that was discovered as a regression after a code change and that was not caught in our QA cycle and it did take a bunch of gateways down without any notice which was something we've addressed and have you know since rectified but that doesn't you know looking backwards that was not a good situation the gateway I mean the tech technically what happened was the gateways through this error or bug or whatever you want to call it received instructions to shut down and the gateway instances just stopped running and and didn't tell anybody and we have now put in like change the way our partner our hosting partner was monitoring these nodes it was kind of a double edged sword because the way they build this architecture all the nodes are logically separated and can't see each other and they you know everything it's a very secure kind of multi tenant architecture that our hosting partner provides but it also makes you know this actually was able to slip through the cracks so they've since corrected this and this type of error would now generate an alert that would then go out to everybody in real time not 20 days later and and that's about all I can say on that is that we did discover the issue and have have fixed it um
Gregg Laroche: In the future.
Gregg Laroche: Our current plan is now to um
Gregg Laroche: And this comes back to some of the stuff we're gonna talk about at the partner webinar tomorrow. But we're planning to take over and offer more managed services ourselves as a vendor. And the reason we're doing that is because our customers are asking us for it all the time. But the other thing is that we want more control. And so
Gregg Laroche: We will in the future be offering the email gateway as a managed service directly from PreVeil. And we'll be doing our own monitoring of these awesome. Will be deploying them in our own MP infrastructure that we're building in gov cloud. So that's all in flight. We have 5 beta sites running this new architecture now. And as a managed service provider. Our compliance requirement is going to be CMC level 2 certification and we still have to get that done. Once we have the final as built architecture done and all the SP and all the documentation completed, we will then be getting this managed services offering assessed at level 2. And then we'll be basically an MSP provider for that. And these are customer owned tenants in gov cloud. So basically you buy it from PreVeil. We set it up for you, but then kind of turn it over to you and it's your tenant you own it. So we're not the cloud service. It's not part of the PreVeil cloud service. We are not a cloud service provider in this context. We're just providing configuration Services for a tenant that our customer will own. And it won't be a PreVeil cloud service tenant. It will be a virtual desktop infrastructure and the virtual desktop will be fully compliant. It'll have a monitoring and scanning and all the stuff you have to have on an endpoint will all be baked in. So basically, you can buy kind of ready to go compliant endpoints through this process.
Gregg Laroche: And the gateway is gonna be one of the options that you can add to that.
Kevin Turnage: Okay. You said add on to that situation. What about the existing Solutions or the cloud drive that's coming out? Because everything that you're describing. Well, awesome. And I'm sure there's definitely an ask for it. We have a different client that's going that direction. They're going with a company called see who does that exactly. They hand off to see high MS. However, Aaron here. He's he's made it very obvious that there's a pitfall of that. If you get on an airplane, you don't have a good connection. Doesn't matter how much you pay for your Wi Fi on the airplane. Doesn't mean you're guaranteed a connection and so that offline capability is very important to someone on his role. Will there still be a capable option to that effect?
Gregg Laroche: Oh, yeah. I mean, we'll still offer the physical device support for sure. So you can still put PreVeil on an actual computer and use it with all of its functionality. This is really just when you want to remove the physical computer from scope and use a virtual endpoint. And you're right. Connectivity is required to do that. And it may not be suitable for all use cases. But yeah. Well, I mean, we'll offer basically both options where you can install PreVeil on a physical machine or you can run it virtually. Yeah. So
Kevin Turnage: If I may dig into this a little bit more. So we understand our options moving forward. Today, you're on AWS as your infrastructure.
Gregg Laroche: Correct.
Kevin Turnage: And is these MS this new offering? Is that also gonna be AWS? Or are you talking about standing up to C high tenants for customers?
Gregg Laroche: No, no. They're AWS gov cloud, tenants.
Gregg Laroche: Okay.
Kevin Turnage: Okay. Definitely. Something to consider and the integration with existing 365 tenants or PreVeil systems. Is that possible? Or is this entirely isolated environments?
Gregg Laroche: No. I mean, they'll just be virtual machines that will behave the same as if they were physical machine. So they still talk to the same PreVeil back end and the way we're envisioning it is that there'll be a standard set of applications available on the VDI because it can't interact with the host machine at all. That's a requirement. So it's isolated as as recommended by the the requirements. And but we are like, putting a bunch of stuff on board. So it'll have all the Microsoft 365 productivity applications, for example. That kind of comes with the image. So you get a windows workstation with all the office apps. Probably a pdf viewer. Maybe some other things. We're still trying to work out what the base configuration should be and then that is the machine and a customer is not allowed to modify it's gonna be just basically one size fits all and they may come in certain flavors. There may be like a higher performing version and a lower in terms of horsepower, if you're doing more complex computational work, you may need more more memory, more processing horsepower or what have you. So we may end up offering different flavors of it that way. But the idea is that the customer doesn't manage the virtual machine. They just use it. They don't
Kevin Turnage: If you don't mind, I'd like to pivot back to what our current solution is or those that are just on the precipice coming out. So I know that we have this demo coming up. I don't know that everyone's gonna be able to make it to tomorrow. Do you have a release time for that solution?
Gregg Laroche: Yeah we we will have a beta build of the cloud drive client we're planning to have it by the end of January so in the next 2 weeks we will have a beta client we have about 16 or so beta sites lined up to participate and we'll start engaging with them probably like first week of February get them to the new code and start engaging with them on you know feedback loops on their use of the new system and then we'll soak in beta approximately 4 weeks and then go to general availability and the plan for rollout is that you know we'll do a phased roll out the new client will be available first on our website only so you'll there'll be a different downloads page for it and you can go grab it and use it however you like it's just a new version of the client there's no special requirement to install it other than the fact that it's not supported on windows 10 so if you have windows 11 machine or a Mac you can just install it like any other prevailed client you can even install it on top of an older prevailed client that all works and basically it's just an upgrade and you'll notice after you upgrade that the user experience changes quite a bit but the backend functionality of drive itself is not really changed basically the net of it is we're removing all the dependencies on the synchronization service okay and making the sync service almost no longer needed and that's the source of a lot of errors and stripe for a lot especially very large deployments and if we're no longer using that then we expect the customer experience to be much much more reliable because that service itself is just that's where all the problems tend to appear because you're trying to move large amounts of data across the network and users are doing things simultaneously that are conflicting with other actions that are happening simultaneously and that's where trouble happens so all of that goes away in the new design so that's good news for us
Kevin Turnage: That's an excellent. I'm glad you brought that up because Aaron this is something you brought up here recently with a new product. If 2 this does happen. If 2 engineers are on a plane and they're both syncing in the current system, they lose internet connection. They're working on their offline files. They go into their hotel turn on their hot spots and connect. The first one who connects gets dominance of the file changes. And the other one gets overwritten, is that gonna still be the scenario with the new environment or is it going to have delta changes for both users efforts?
Gregg Laroche: Um
Gregg Laroche: It's an interesting scenario. The airplane scenario is very specific. Um
Kevin Turnage: The general well, they go into bunker. There's there's all kinds of scenarios where they go offline.
Gregg Laroche: Because yeah. So
Gregg Laroche: In general.
Gregg Laroche: There's a couple of ways. The new drive design we're calling cloud drive internally. So the cloud drive version moves the current drive locus from a file path on the media of the device and removes it from there and moves it to be a virtual drive like one drive or iTunes or the Apple drive equivalent, whatever the they call it. Um
Gregg Laroche: So I cloud drive. It's called on the Mac. So
Gregg Laroche: It's in a different spot. It has different capabilities. Generally, it gives you full access to all the PreVeil drive information in explorer. So you don't have to go to the PreVeil application to see all the non synchronized content. Where now because we were dependent previously were dependent on the file path and the media. You could only see files that were synchronized locally in explorer, which is very limited. And there was no really good integration with explore in terms of the file actions and being able to interact with users more directly. All of that changes with cloud drive. Now with cloud drive. You have the view of all files in the drive area, whether they're synchronized or not. And in general, you don't synchronize anything. When you're connected, you don't need to. So if you're gonna be disconnected, you might have to synchronize a file to have a local copy available for when you're not connected. Because otherwise it's gonna try to fetch it from the cloud and if you're not connected, it can't fetch it. So it's gonna be more of a real time workflow where you click on things and they get fetched on. Demand. And when you're connected, it's a much better experience when you're not connected, you're still gonna have to synchronize some files because you need them available when you're not connected.
Kevin Turnage: Absolutely. Do that with one drive to so yeah, it was just the it was the changes. For example, you can have a file open in one drive share it. Person can open it and while you're live, both people can make changes to the file and you can see them operating within that file structure. And if you're offline, it saves delta changes. And if you look at the hex code in your board, it shows those in blocks and the system figures it out. And if there's a overlap, it'll sometimes flag it. That's some of the functionality that Microsoft has worked out over the last couple of decades. And yeah. I know it. I love here and open source and Linux opportunities and everything that you guys are trying to build out. But this is I'm just be Frank. This is a a compliance business industry standard that has to be an iron wall foundation here. That it can't be something that's in progress or a beta stage that is gonna change on a when
Gregg Laroche: It's gonna be a little it's gonna be a little less flexible and a little harder to confuse in the future design. So on the online scenario, anything you click on to edit will lock and no one else can edit what you have open locked. They can open a read only copy. They'll get messaging that says, hey, Greg has this locked, you can open a read only if you like. Kind of like what the default behavior is in Microsoft applications word or whatever.
Kevin Turnage: 2013 SharePoint was like that. Yeah. Yeah.
Gregg Laroche: Exactly so because we're in an encrypted and our server has no knowledge of its data we can't do server side smarts the our server our Services don't know anything about the data they store like you could take the server and put in your car and drive away you get nothing so the server itself can't help us so that everything that happens in our system happens on the endpoints where the encryption keys are and the server has no ability to de crypt we as a vendor have no ability to de crypt we can't do server side operations like concurrent editing that's just not possible because we have no server that can do that and the and then architectures that can do it the server has perfect knowledge of the data which is a vulnerability and we don't provide that capability because we don't want our servers to know about the data so that it's a 0 trust architecture it's end to end encrypted the server has no keys that's just our architecture that's it's a better architecture in a lot of ways but it also creates these limitations so it's a much more secure architecture it has no single point of attack it's much better you aren't you know when systems are hacked they're typically not end to end encrypted 0 trust systems their Microsoft legacy systems and the reason they get hacked is because servers have perfect knowledge of all their data and that's but that's what enables these really cool features so so I understand that what we would have to do and what we're working on to provide a concurrent editing experience like google docs or like current modern SharePoint those are all server side tasks and in order to move that to client side we are working with vendors that are moving towards a world where they would have a point to point peer to peer protocol available so that transactions could be communicated communicated in real time across a set of users again would require connectivity
Kevin Turnage: We isolated exposure though. Yeah, isolated.
Gregg Laroche: Exposure. And as people make changes, the changes will be communicated to a whole group at once and you could reflect that in the UI and make deliver a very similar experience. We're not anywhere close to having that in the product. That's technology. That's nice. And the vendors we're working with, have it working for like one application and it's not ready for prime time. However, that's the future. I think we head towards a world where we can offer a concurrent editing experience right now. We have to do check in checkout lock unlock. We have to do the previous generation of collaboration rules because that's what we have available to the client can do that.
Kevin Turnage: And thank you. Yeah. If we can you mentioned something pretty important with the isolation of the servers and Robin has done her absolute best to try to fill us in on some of this information. But the one of the asks that we have and coming back to the list that she had typed up here is logging and capturing those logs and presenting that as evident showing that we have relevant logs with unique IDs for all users and activities system changes external users and the management of that is a large issue today. If Aaron goes out and fit someone. I don't get a notice. I don't know as an admin that we have 35 external users.
Kevin Turnage: I can't access the individual user and in person ate them. If I off board him and find out, oops, a whole bunch of people have access to these files that I'd invite them. There's no report that I can run. The closest thing I can get is from the same work with a code and say, hey, were these people invited? It doesn't say, hey, this terminated expired and they were only accessing these files, et cetera, things on those lines. So external user management logging associated. Very important. That comes a lot into play with like the PreVeil express free accounts and things along those lines. Yes, we have trusted community, but trust community is only a pass. And once you get that pass we have to we're supposed to communicate with that, vendor partner, whatever client and say, okay, are you compliant? Is it isolated? Is your what's the scope of your compliance? Is it everyone or just this particular team? And that's you know, that's the only phase one. So what I'm asking is there a way to consolidate and get all this user activity that's required for SMS? to to to manage the infrastructure, from an IT standpoint and to help the s through PO understand that, we do control the environment and we do close off these access. I know that we can put dates in, but it's not by default. Much the recovery codes that you can do. When someone loses access, you can have a recovery request.
Kevin Turnage: You can have another device token or you can export that file and then export that file. We talked about at rest and everything all the time, ironically. That file has is optional only to put a password on it. And that's a big issue in our eyes. Because if someone drops that in their one drive, then everyone else who has access to the one drive or whatnot might not have permission UI. All of a sudden has access to that user token because it's not password protected. So just things along those lines. And I'll pause here unless you respond. But that's kind of the consensus of matters that we're running into so system statuses and consolidated management of external users and the logs they're in for devices and whatnot.
Gregg Laroche: Yeah. And I know we're out of time, so I may not be able to cover everything you mentioned, but I can hit on the highlights. Um
Gregg Laroche: As far as accessing the ability or the knowledge of who shared what with whom and who has access to what there's a separate report in the data export capacity that's called the AC report, access control list report. And that does list for every single object in the system who has access and at what level. And also for every user, what objects in the system they have access to and at what level. So you can run that and do an audit, but it's not as elegant as what you described, which is like, in integrating that into our logging and event system. We have added some sharing file sharing events into the log, especially the UN share event, which was not previously logged. That's been added in. So we're always enhancing the logging over time. I mean, the good news is we've had 50 companies go through C 3 PO assessments so far and they've all got a 1 10 score. So the current level of logging we provide to the C 3 PO is adequate. That's what I was
lewisturner: To hear so, but it could be better
Gregg Laroche: But yeah, but you've had a number.
lewisturner: Of customers already passed with the current setup, the way it is 50.
Gregg Laroche: 50 right. So
lewisturner: That horse to dev, so I appreciate it. Thank you very much. I'm sorry, it's a gentleman team. I've got to step wait for another call, unfortunately. But I appreciate you guys time as well. Thank you so much for the update and look forward to that chatting again.
Kevin Turnage: And if I may as a closing element does that mean that we need to have you guys present for the interviews and the certification? What's the expectation there? Or is there maybe some some guiding documentation? You could send us that says here's how we handle these different scenarios when these questions came up for say managing external users, et cetera.
Gregg Laroche: Yeah. In general, the current our current shared responsibility document covers 90% of the audits without additional requiring additional support from us. However, like 10% of the time or even less I'd say there is a question or 2 that the assessor might have either they're unfamiliar with PreVeil. Or we would recommend working with us and assessor that is familiar with PreVeil because that'll head a lot of this off. But if they're not then we're available to support Q and a session with the assessor. If they if we if you need support from us, we're there to provide it most of the time we're not needed.
Kevin Turnage: We don't get it. Okay. Yeah. All right. Well, thank you very much today, Greg. I
MIchael DuBois: Had one really quick question. And we can basically take this offline or send me an email is Michael the ball one of the pieces we're pulling together too is the disaster recovery position. And any documentation you have that talks to how you maintain a disaster recovery position since we'll be inheriting that for this. Obviously for the one that'd be something we want to work into our our documentation.
Gregg Laroche: For sure. That's all part of it. At least as it relates to the specific 801 71 controls that
MIchael DuBois: Relevant to those cans then. Yeah, that's
Gregg Laroche: Also, all documented in our shared responsibility model. Okay. What do we do? What does customer do that's all delineated?
MIchael DuBois: Okay. Generally
Gregg Laroche: Yeah, in general terms at a very high level. The PreVeil service is backed up and has disaster recovery capability baked in. So you inherit that from us when you use the product, but you would document that.
MIchael DuBois: But yes. Yeah. And I think the only thing that I've seen in the past with other compliance structures and this one is still, I think fairly we're getting legs under ourselves as far as what the ad or are looking for. Is that the level of demonstration of okay. How often do you test your practices, things like that? And and that because we'll be asked to make sure to review the shared responsibility matrix on an annual basis and that the practices are being done an annual basis.
Gregg Laroche: Yeah and but the good thing about using a cloud service that has achieved the fed ramp equivalency like we have we were meeting a standard that's much much higher than 800 ones everyone we're meeting 853 which is 3 times the number of controls and we our requirement for disaster recovery is 100 times harder than 801 71 and we already meet all that so that yeah you inherit a fed ramp level of compliance from our service which is much higher than the 801 71 standard so the assessors don't care because they yeah
MIchael DuBois: Yeah. I understand that perfectly. It's just tightening up our document so that it matches exactly. What that inheritance is. Exactly, yeah.
Gregg Laroche: And we can provide all that if you don't have our shared responsibility stuff, then we definitely got to get that to you.
Kevin Turnage: We have yeah, if you'd restart, we have I have an older one. I'm curious to see if maybe with new features that might have changed a bit. And I do have one light related question. Those backups, are they for the entire environment as like as is point in time? Or are they a per user level? let's say we delete a user account and a technician fails to export the data correctly and we lose it. Are we able to recover that user's account from those backups from PreVeil and put in a request?
Gregg Laroche: Yeah. The short answer is yes. As long as you haven't permanently deleted the data which requires a double delete action on your part. Okay. Yeah. Because we don't delete anything. So unless it's customer double deleted, then we do but ordinarily normal deletes or normal data sets are incremental. It's a append only data model. So we just keep adding to the data and so that entire data set is backed up. So we can always get back to any individual piece of data if we need to be time to if you need if you get ransom ware attack, we can set you back a week, almost instantly
MIchael DuBois: Okay.
Kevin Turnage: It's not ideal, but we had an incident recently where a user didn't score anything into a shared folder. They only did it to their individual per Val drive. And I was very careful to go and went the extra mile checked and validated oops. They have a lot of data gigs of data to export that. Had I just deleted the account, we would have lost that. Wow. And that doesn't show up in the admin portal. It's not accessible. And that's what I'm asking about. Is that backed up in any way that we would be able to restore that? And like, when their project manager comes back in this, hey, this person was working it this project, they obviously didn't put it where they're supposed to, can we get this back? That's so. Yeah.
Gregg Laroche: The answer is yes. Like those are different types of collections in our data model. Shared shared collections are different from the private folders, but they're all in the same system. So
Kevin Turnage: Great news. Thank you.
Robin Barrow: Well, thank you all so much for jumping on. Again, I'll send a recap email just based on what we discussed today in the meeting recap. But if there's any other questions or if you want another session of this just reach out to me. Please join the webinar tomorrow. Again, it's recorded. If you just sign up. You'll get the recording as well, but I really appreciate you all jumping on and thank you. Greg, again, that's always
Gregg Laroche: Yeah. No problem. Happy to help. And if we need more time we you know, set us up with that. Robin, we're happy to keep going if we need more, but I'm looking forward to seeing everybody at the webinar tomorrow. Yeah.
Robin Barrow: There you go.
MIchael DuBois: Thank you. Bye. Bye.