Account: Source One Spares
Call Date: 2025-12-18
Duration: 00:15:33
Participants: Andrew Meggs, Ananya Pateriya

======================================================================

Andrew Meggs: On on, yeah.
Ananya: Hey, Andrew, how are you?
Andrew Meggs: I'm doing well. How are you?
Ananya: I'm sorry, it took me awhile to get here at a set amount of country. So I was having some chat and just connecting to the Wi Fi here.
Andrew Meggs: That's okay. How that's okay. Yeah. So hopefully it's not too early or too late wherever you're at.
Ananya: Yeah, it is late, but it's fine. I've been doing late night calls. It's 9:00 pm over here, but that's fine.
Andrew Meggs: Okay. Well, I may ask where you're at out of curiosity.
Ananya: Yeah, I'm in India. I'm visiting my family. I usually come around December. Okay. Yeah.
Andrew Meggs: Cool. What part of India?
Ananya: South India Jenna. Hi my husband is from there and then I'm from the northern part of India. So yeah. We're just splitting time between both houses seeing my daughter actually turned One. So just seeing grandparents here and just yeah. Only time.
Andrew Meggs: Nice. Awesome. That's a very it's I'm in Minnesota. So that's slightly more exciting than Minnesota. Um
Ananya: All the cold up there.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. I will try to keep this short then. Considering how late it is. Long story short. I know that you've had some issues with PreVeil. And our support team said that you were considering just completely changing everything and starting from the ground up without PreVeil. Yeah. So would you I guess go into a little bit more detail about that or what issues have been having?
Ananya: For sure. Yeah. And I'm so sorry. I wanted to do touch base with you for a long time and then something or the other kept popping up honestly. And multiple times I've reached out to you oh, I have to reschedule a call or have a call with you, but we couldn't ever catch up because of some projects ongoing mainly the cms. So we had to reschedule our CMC audit about 3 times now. So now it's scheduled in march. So last time we've already gone through twice the mock audit the second time, we went the first time it didn't go that well. They made some issues on their end, like the C 3 PO we went with and then they asked us to let's do it another time. And then as we were going through it, we realized there were some challenges with PreVeil that we were encountering already. And then we're a small company and we only have certain people who are in who are users. I hope I'm still audible. Yes. Okay. Awesome. There are only a few people that are C users and we and the question was brought up wire end points like our laptops are in scope because we did keep our endpoints and scope just because of how everything was set up.
Ananya: However, we did try with PreVeil. There is like that cloud log feature, which can help us just not have the endpoints and scope, but there were other business cases that required us to be. And then we just as we were talking and it was nothing with PreVeil just like how we had our end points in scope. We also had to have a lot of like spas in place because of that all like, the thread locker there were multiple tools that we installed in everyone's laptops, but that was limiting their day to day work. So there were a lot of challenges technical challenges were experiencing since we did all the CRM implementation. So when we were doing the last audit, we realized with the auditor itself, he was very kind to kind of like, not just in this direction where like, I don't think we needed to have the SPs in place and we could just done like virtual on cleave sort of thing. Where just people log in virtually in a GCC, High ENT based on Microsoft or you know, and do it that way. And that's the route that we decided to take as a company after that call. And we had multiple discussions after that and though. So then thinking forward we were like, okay, we'll do right now we're at a point where
Ananya: We have everything set up on the other implementation side. We're just kind of gauging. If we just go with SharePoint as our storage and everything and then PreVeil, we'll just we'll have to let go of PreVeil. Because one of course these as I said, I explained to you, we wanted much more, simpler setup and that setup is more viable to us with our business needs right now. And the second challenge we were facing is emailing to the government, especially that dot mil dot us. I think that's the domain. But anything that we email through PreVeil, which is I they receive it, the express account works. I work with one of the vendor outside of government and they were able to access the files. We shared with them, however, within the government. We're having a lot of challenges. All the government agencies is what I mean. When they open it up, it's just blocked out for them so we're not able to communicate. So that was one of the biggest challenge. I would say that also
Ananya: Yeah.
Ananya: If that makes sense. And then we
Andrew Meggs: Which auditor told you that
Andrew Meggs: Do you have their name per chance?
Ananya: We are going through C 3 PO. So sorry, the cyber nines company and then we're going with James, he's our auditor.
Andrew Meggs: Yes. So long story short. You can also use a VDI with PreVeil. It doesn't have to be with CC. It's strange and possibly legal that he said that. But we you know, we have lots of PreVeil users that use VDI with PreVeil in order to keep their endpoints out of scope, so you don't have to have CC to do that.
Ananya: No. I don't think he said. I don't think he meant like, he was when we were doing it wasn't like to PreVeil. But just like saying that indirectly kind of nudging in like a direction where because they are also auditors. They cannot like, advise us on what to do. But sure in the questions that we were going through back and forth, we realize that. Yeah, I don't know why we have in place and we could just do like, a virtual setup log in there and have the UI story. So there there are 2 main things we need right with any cms ability to store UI and secure environment, ability to share, transmit the UI and security, right? That those are the 2 main things we need for the cms, at least for us, nothing else outside of that. So it was very simple and also we don't have that many documents, to be honest with you. We have just very few and just for those documentation to do so much. We are not in manufacturing. We're not doing anything that has we are in aviation. We don't have any picture drawings that would say that, okay. This is how we can build a part. Like those are very, very technical stuff and we don't have all that everything. That was I is just what was sent to us and probably all our contracts.
Ananya: I don't even think that falls under C, but but yeah, that's kind of the story where we're coming from and we did have challenges with PreVeil in terms of always kind of logging in with users. Then the downloading feature like there was like
Ananya: Minor detail minor challenges along the way that we kept coming back and forth with not able to edit the file. I think we kind of overcome that edit the file in in PreVeil, which stays in PreVeil. And then just so there was like, these minor roadblocks that you also and the user experience our users were also it was glitch for a lot of users. Those were the things and that's why we were I don't know we already have paid for a year. So I don't think if we can get that money back that is already paid, but that's what we're deciding going forward.
Andrew Meggs: Okay. You're definitely have already made the decision to move to CC then.
Ananya: As a company as a company with our that part like and to be honest with you, we in within the company, we don't have that many technical leads in the company that could be always available with other third parties. So the SBA we had had we had so many challenges maintaining that. The work to set up is for sure. Good. And also, as I said, the emailing portion we also tried to do the gateway then we stopped. I think I already paid for the email gateway feature. I did the call as well, but we never proceeded because that's the same time. We were also going through this audit that can then got reschedule and then dcm wants to audit us in January also. So we are just in like, this weird space where the an audit we're thinking so right now as of now, we have PreVeil set up currently and that's what we're using, but we're probably switching over end of Jan for all the users.
Andrew Meggs: Sure. I guess what I wanted to clarify is that you could use the gateway to communicate with the military people without them having to sign up for PreVeil express and you could have a virtual setup with PreVeil. So you wouldn't actually have to use Microsoft GCC High to to use a virtual setup and you can use the gateway to communicate with military with the military contacts you have. So that's not I guess I just wanted to clarify that whatever the person that cyber 9 said, you could fully do all of those things with PreVeil and you wouldn't need the SLA if you had the VDI with PreVeil as well. That would also preclude that.
Ananya: Right. And then just out of curiosity, when the customers get on PreVeil, do they initially get on the on leave already? Or do they just like, how do you guys usually do it with other customers? They do they just use it as how we were using it.
Andrew Meggs: Other PreVeil customers.
Ananya: Right.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. Our clients that have a VDI. Yeah, we set up their virtual instance and they they have a virtual instance or virtual browser that that they access PreVeil through. So that way their endpoints aren't in scope is because they're using the virtual machine. So we do offer that service as well.
Ananya: And it's with AWS.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. And everything would be in the AWS gov cloud, yeah.
Ananya: Understood. Yeah. Andrew like for now, I think we have decided to go with that. And this I think the setup is already in place and we've already gone so many times back and forth, just like reviewing everything, just business wise, that was making more sense for us and it was much simpler setup. I think the user just
Andrew Meggs: Clarify that that we also do that with PreVeil.
Ananya: Definitely. And I appreciate you clarifying that. About the PreVeil setup. What we get certified for log gets locked down for 3 years. So we wanted to be very cautious with what setup we were going with that is more easy for us to maintain. I think one of the
Ananya: Decision maker was also the SharePoint to use. I think the users were more comfortable using that and they were already using it outside. Like we have a lot of intranet site within the company that they're using it for and sharing folders and files. I think that was also they were more favorable for that. So. And I'm also not a user in PreVeil. I'm just helping out with this whole project and I have used it in the beginning, but I haven't used it after. So I don't know what other challenges the users were facing in terms of the usage, but they're ready inclined to use SharePoint right now. And so that was also one of the reasons.
Andrew Meggs: Well I appreciate that feedback and I will make sure that the script subscription doesn't renew. And you know, currently is currently the subscription is until August of 20 26. So if you do have any questions or if there are any issues with the transition to GCC High. In the meantime, definitely don't hesitate to to reach out and ask for help.
Ananya: Yeah, we will let you know and I've been asking the PO. That's just because we're in that viewed space where we are doing this and that both tally and the dcm also wants to audit us. So we're just kind of giving them what we have in place right now.
Andrew Meggs: So I get this is more for my own curiosity. So when is your assessment scheduled? Now your new assessment next assessment?
Ananya: With the C 3 PO. Yeah, that's in march March 2nd week. We have a log coming up in Jan.
Andrew Meggs: So the plan is to fully transition to GCC, High and update all the documentation and policies and procedures and everything by march. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Well I guess good luck with the transition and like, I was saying you do have PreVeil until August. So we're always available as a resource and tool then and if you do have any questions or if you need anything else you can let us know.
Ananya: For sure. And then just so I know that we've already paid for everything, there are no more open invoices that we have with you, right?
Andrew Meggs: I don't believe so. No, let me double check One. Okay. Um
Andrew Meggs: Okay.
Andrew Meggs: Or this or my computer can go really, really slow One one of those 2 things. Yeah.
Ananya: No, that always happens when you're trying to look for something.
Andrew Meggs: Yes. No, we do not have any outstanding bills or okay.
Ananya: Okay. That's good to know, Andrew. Yeah, I really appreciate you kind of coming here and then happy to give any other feedback, but yeah, that's what we have right now from our end.
Andrew Meggs: Okay. Yeah. Well, I once again, I appreciate your time, especially so late at night and when you're visiting family, so I will not I hope you get back to it.
Ananya: Yeah. Thank you so much Andrew. You have a great yeah. Thank you. Bye, bye.