Account: Strategic Analytix
Call Date: 2026-01-27
Duration: 00:07:41
Participants: Zackary Gilman, Sudhir Bahl, Bri Babin

======================================================================

Zackary Gilman: Hello. Good morning.
Zackary Gilman: How are you doing? Doing well, how are you? Good?
Zackary Gilman: Are we waiting for anybody else to join here?
Zoom user: Yeah. We should have 2 others joining. Let me see if they are. I'm here. Sean. Oh, okay. Bri here. Yeah, we're online. Okay.
Zackary Gilman: Perfect. Well, welcome, this call should be relatively straightforward. It's really just to introduce you to myself. My name is Zack. I'm from the customer success team here at PreVeil. I'll be your main point of contact going forward. We'll go over some next steps. Some resources you have here at your disposal. And kind of go into a little bit why you chose PreVeil. But I always like to kick up these calls. Just kind of hear a little bit about what brought you to us based on the notes given to me from Craig. It looks like CMC requirements, but I would just love to hear from from you guys and what brought you to us.
Zoom user: Yeah. Yeah, I mean so sums it up the new CMC requirements that are kind of being leveled on us the different subcontracts around. And I know we've used PreVeil for some proposal stuff, but through others received to set up a free PreVeil e mail in order to um
Zoom user: Send back and forth. I documentation so. Yeah, just kind of looked into it and I thought you guys looked good. So we wanted to
Zoom user: Move forward with you guys and ultimately we want to get our CMC level 2. Because I pretty sure I think that's what we will need.
Zackary Gilman: Right. That makes sense. Yeah. Most folks come to us for that cms level 2 requirements and then in terms of licenses, it looks like you guys have the 3 licenses with the 2 admin consoles and you guys have the accelerator plus the C if that sounds correct to you. Yeah. Okay. Perfect. And then just kind of going to next steps, have you guys had a chance to download the PreVeil system at all? get your org setup within PreVeil?
Zoom user: No, I have not.
Zackary Gilman: Okay. No worries. But that would just be kind of the general next step. I'll resend this in my follow up email. But this is all in the welcome email as well. The download should take around 5 to 10 minutes, just getting PreVeil set up on your system. And then from there, you could feel free to book a time with our onboarding team. They have 2 different options. One would be like a 30 minute call. Sort of just kind of going over and making sure you don't have any questions or you can choose the hour long, full onboarding option. They'll kind of go through the admin console with you, be able to set things up, take over your screen and show you around the different groups that you would need to accomplish in terms of like recovery groups and the whole admin console, kind of show you around that way. We just ask that you download PreVeil before that. So you're not sitting on the call for like 5 10 minutes, just waiting for it to download.
Zackary Gilman: Yeah. But that's sort of the next 2 steps would be just getting it installed on your device and then booking that onboarding call. I'll re share that again in my follow up email. And then in terms of access for the GRC and compliance accelerator, you have 3 logins for both. If you know them now, I'd be happy to take them now or if you want to send me emails and names after I can input them into the system whenever you have the folks that you'd want to be in there.
Zoom user: Yeah, I can send you an email with our you need our email addresses, so what you need.
Zackary Gilman: Yeah. I'll just need email addresses and a first and last name to to put them in the system and then that's for the compliance accelerator and the GRC but if you want to different people in each, feel free to change it around as well.
Zackary Gilman: Just some quick resources to note. Are you have support at PreVeil.com? That's for any technical related issues. Sending them an email will automatically create a ticket. So you're able to follow along that way. You also have compliance at PreVeil.com for any compliance related issues. With the accelerator, you do get 6 30 minute zoom sessions with the compliance team. So feel free to to make use of those be under additional compliance resources. But that email compliance at Bri.com is great for asking simple questions, things that you don't feel would require a full zoom meeting.
Zackary Gilman: So those are some some resources available to you, those 2 emails. Again, this will all be in the follow up email as well. And then the only other thing I have on on my plate, like I said, this call is very straightforward. It's just to schedule a 90 day check in call. So probably looking at a third week of April right now. But put down that time for the 90 90 days from now. Just so we have a place holder holder to check in. Make sure everything's going smoothly in terms of your start with PreVeil.
Zackary Gilman: But yeah. That's kind of it for my spiel. I want to see if there's any questions, see if there's anything I can help address right off the bat. Happy to help with anything.
Zackary Gilman: I have a quick question. Can you download it on multiple devices? Like could you download it on your desktop and your laptop?
Zackary Gilman: So in terms of the PreVeil system, I'd say probably download it onto your main device, you able to use the web and dash and other the web dashboard as well as the app on any device. But in terms of where you should download it. I'd say probably your main device. Is the best bet just because the whole download process is what puts that key the encryption key onto your device, right? Okay.
Zackary Gilman: Anything else like what was
Zoom user: What was that email? you said to if we have questions, but we don't need a 30 minute call, what was that?
Zackary Gilman: So it's gonna be compliance at pre.com. I'll resend it as well as in my follow up email. Okay. But that's your disposal for asking any questions compliance related?
Zackary Gilman: Okay.
Zoom user: Yeah. I mean, I'm sure I have more questions as I get into it, but at the moment, I don't think I have a whole lot of questions.
Zackary Gilman: Yeah. I'm sure more will come up as you start to get into the system. You receive a couple of things for me. One will be the invite for a 90 day check in. I'll also send a follow up email detailing everything that we talked about, as well as some of the resources inside that will be a link to download PreVeil, as well as book that onboarding as well as log in to the accelerator. So whenever you have those 3 names for the accelerator GRC feel free to shoot over an email. I'm happy to add them. And yeah, that'd be probably a good place to start, but like I said, I'll be your point of contact from from here and out at PreVeil. So if anything comes up between now and the 90 days, feel free to shoot over an email. Always happy to hop on a call or can talk through anything that comes up between now and then
Zoom user: Okay. Perfect. Appreciate it.
Zackary Gilman: Awesome. Well, if there's nothing else, I'll let you guys get back to it. But I appreciate you guys taking the time and look forward to working with you all.
Zackary Gilman: I think bye.