Account: Supply Chimp
Call Date: 2026-02-02
Duration: 00:20:23
Participants: Andrew Meggs, Chris Munshaw

======================================================================

Chris Munshaw: So
Andrew Meggs: Hello, Chris.
Andrew Meggs: I hey, Andrew. Am hi a chilly? How are actually you? It's pretty cold. I'm good here. How are you? But other than that I'm doing well. Yeah, just you today. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, I did get your email. And honestly, that covers some of what I was gonna talk about today. This is these are normally just sort of informal check in calls. There's not really like a presentation or anything like that. I have a couple of points that I normally go over on these calls. I mean, some of which like I said, you're already going over but before I get into it, how are things with PreVeil or just in general?
Chris Munshaw: Yeah. So far so good. I think the only hiccup we've run into is around the and then I mentioned this before the gmail plugin. We dug into that a little bit because were having some issues with it. And I think it's because we have a strange setup with google workspace and having 2 domains. So we have a and it's done for legacy reasons. We're gonna consolidate them. But we have one domain that our google workspaces account is under, but we actually send emails from a different domain. And I think that's the root of our gmail plugin problems. But like I said, we have a project this year to consolidate those domains and we're assuming that will solve the issue. It's not really a huge blocker for us right now. Just just something that we noticed when were setting up.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. Okay. That makes sense. And I honestly, I'm not fully
Andrew Meggs: Aware of all the specifics of the gmail plugin. So if you need to involve the support team, they know more than I do. And they can get involved if there's issues there. Um
Andrew Meggs: To your I guess, to let's let's go over what you were saying in your email there. To your question about receiving emails from government agencies and then uploading them to PreVeil. So just to clarify there and that's this is normally something I go over on these calls is communicating externally. The government agencies that you're communicating with, they are not able or not willing to sign up for a PreVeil express account.
Chris Munshaw: I don't know. I mean, that's a big question we can certainly ask. It was probably the answer is probably dependent on whether they're already familiar with PreVeil. But sure. Uh
Chris Munshaw: Yeah, I don't know too much. It's a different team in our company. I don't know too much about the nature of those communications. There might be some individuals who we can set up. But I think they're always is looking at new contracts and new opportunities. And those so the origin of these documents probably evolves over time pretty regularly. But I can poke around a little bit with that, but I would assume for now that no. No, they won't it'll be a new.
Chris Munshaw: New email contact and they won't be already on boarded or set up in PreVeil.
Andrew Meggs: Sure. Okay. A couple I guess a couple of points there. Firstly, we have a like a little one pager word document that has super boilerplate language. Supply Chimp is now using PreVeil. I promise it's not a scam, here's where to go to sign up. That you can share kind of beforehand to give people kind of a heads up. If you want to share something sensitive, you should say share via PreVeil, this is what it is, promise is not a scam. That helps sometimes with people that are hesitant to to sign up because they just don't know what PreVeil is and you know, they think it's spam or something like that. I can share that with you. We do have customers that communicate with the government or with the military that they send it the doc or what have you. And then it's downloaded onto a hardened device and then uploaded to PreVeil and deleted from that harden device. And that does not count as pillage to to answer your question from the email. Okay. That does need to get written into your SPs and your policies. But kind of as you were alluding to in your email, the specifics of what that language looks like. That would be a question for our compliance team. So basically the extent of my knowledge is I know it's possible to do it in a compliant. Way, I don't know the specifics of how exactly that works. Is there a time window when you have to delete it? Is that what is the language that needs to be in your policies?
Andrew Meggs: That sort of specificity. I'm not aware of and our compliance team would be aware of. So I would follow up with them. Yeah. If your contacts are unable or unwilling to send up for PreVeil. I would follow up with them to get the specifics on that.
Chris Munshaw: Okay.
Andrew Meggs: The other the only other thing regarding that is we do have a tool called the email gateway, which would allow you to email someone to their normal dot mail or gmail inbox without them having to sign up for PreVeil. So it basically translates e mails from PreVeil into their normal inbox. So to them, it would be normal more email and communication. That would be an additional product. It would be there would be a cost associated with that. And most of our clients are fine using PreVeil express, but we do have that for niche scenarios in which a client needs to communicate and their people are unable or unwilling to to use PreVeil.
Chris Munshaw: So that'll be on their end. They would use this product instead of PreVeil express or
Andrew Meggs: Well, to they're not using a product at all, basically to them. It's just like they're getting an email. They don't even know that you're using PreVeil. Oh
Chris Munshaw: I see it translates outgoing email.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. And this is getting a little bit in the weeds. Technically emailing via PreVeil isn't actually emailing made the UI look like email. But yeah.
Chris Munshaw: I figured that out.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. It you know, it doesn't connect to an e mail server or anything like that. So the gateway basically translates the quote, unquote, e mail onto an actual e mail server to be able to connect to got it. Someone's dot mill or what have you, outlook whatever. So once again, most of our clients don't use it. Maybe like 5% of our clients have the gateway. Okay. And some of our clients they use doc for what have you to communicate and then just use PreVeil for storage. So that's
Andrew Meggs: There's multiple solutions here, but I'm just saying since we're on the topic, I'm presenting all the different solutions.
Chris Munshaw: Yeah.
Chris Munshaw: Got it. Okay.
Andrew Meggs: That helps. And then yeah, I mean, how the gateway would work is basically you create a sub domain secure dot Supply, Chimp.com. And once again, not if we're getting in the weeds here, but basically it would show up in their email inboxes coming from Chris. Mu at secure dot Supply Chimp.com.
Chris Munshaw: Got it. Okay.
Andrew Meggs: And if they were to email that email address back, it'll show up in your PreVeil.
Chris Munshaw: Got it. Okay.
Andrew Meggs: So once I get I don't even know what I'm going to that much detail. Probably not something you're gonna use anyways. But if you're interested, I can send some more information in a follow up email.
Chris Munshaw: If you have it handy. Just so I'm armed with the information, otherwise I think I've got good enough notes here, but I quickly over there.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. I'll send that over, not a huge deal as well as that one page or with the boilerplate language I was telling you about then obviously can change that template to to say whatever you want. Okay. The next question I was gonna ask about was regarding compliance journey, if you will and where you are with that? Have you gotten into the accelerator much? Have you been working on the documentation?
Chris Munshaw: Yeah. Yeah, we've been in there. Our IT lead did the most if not all the training in there. We are I mean, there's a lot of new stuff here for us on the device side because we've to date not provided company, owned laptop. So we're we figured out suppliers. We're working on the playbook and like, image for harden company own laptop. And we're gonna provide that to everybody who's in PreVeil working with UI. So probably in the middle of that process. Right now we're learning as we go. There's it's obviously a lot of work the first time you do it. But trying to standardize it now moving forward, but the materials have been helpful. I don't think we have any major questions or blockers yet. Um
Chris Munshaw: But I can always I would like to meet with the compliance team and just kind of have them look over our shoulder maybe and go through the docs a little bit with us and make sure we're on the right path.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah, for sure. I mean, they're always available at the link to their calendar in the accelerator. If you know, schedule some time with them. You can perfect. Yeah. I guess do you have? And this is just for my own curiosity. Do you have a timeline of when you think you'll be ready for an actual assessment?
Chris Munshaw: Yeah, we have some target dates in here. Let me see.
Chris Munshaw: To be able to start looking at that.
Chris Munshaw: By
Chris Munshaw: May or June. I think we'll spend February, just onboarding the devices, getting them in the hands of the users. We'll start evidence gathering and audits.
Chris Munshaw: March and April and then may obviously like scheduling and an assessment there there's probably a delay there, but we'd like to be ready for an assessment by the end of May or sometime in June at the moment.
Andrew Meggs: Sure. And do you and this is a little bit far out for this but do you are you anticipate what's the word I'm looking for? Are you already looking at assessors yet? Or is that okay? yeah. I guess
Chris Munshaw: Self assessment a few iterations on a self assessment. But uh
Chris Munshaw: Yeah, we're not really at a point where we've considered third party assessors. Yeah. Okay.
Andrew Meggs: Just whenever you do get to that point and let us know, we have partners that we work with that. I mean, at the very least, we recommend that you go with someone even if they're not a partner of ours, someone who's already familiar with PreVeil. Because basically, the way PreVeil does things is kind of unique to us and it is compliant. We have 70 people that have got 110, but there are sometimes issues with people that get assessors that have no idea how we work and who we are. And they just ask a bunch of questions that that wouldn't necessarily be asked by you know.
Andrew Meggs: Red spin has like 3 of our clients. They just don't ask questions anymore about how PreVeil works. You know what I mean? It just makes things easier.
Chris Munshaw: Would that and that would satisfy an official third party assessment? Or is it like a more
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. Yeah, yeah. So whenever you're ready for that official third party assessment, we would recommend that you go with. I mean, obviously, you would we would recommend you go with one of our partners and we have several that have already assessed at 110 multiple of our clients, but at the very least, make sure that they're familiar with PreVeil. Because yeah, we had yeah. It just prevents a lot of. We had one assessor that had never heard of us and didn't believe us when we said that were fits encrypted and demanded that we bring in the head engineer to fully explain every and it's just that sort of thing.
Chris Munshaw: Yeah. Yeah. I can get pretty muddy especially with cloud infrastructure and yeah. All that. Okay. No, that sounds good. I'll keep that in mind.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. So once I get months down the line, but just we have a network that we work with. But yeah, the only other thing is number of users. I was looking yeah, it looks like you do have your org setup, but it does look like you have a couple more users than licensed. So I was gonna check in on that to see how many users you needed.
Chris Munshaw: Yeah. I just started firing out invitations without really thinking even checking what was on the license. That's still evolving. We think we can get by with guest accounts for some of our folks that just need to access files and not really send or receive them anywhere. Um
Chris Munshaw: So let me
Chris Munshaw: If I could get a we have a week or two, I could have a better sort of, expected user roadmap for the next few months and how many will will ultimately need for the full license and and let you know what. So there's no nothing that stops us. Are we is our billing updated automatically?
Andrew Meggs: Or how does that? No. So for instance, right now, you actually have 2 2 more users than currently licensed. Okay. Theoretically, you should have purchased them before you added those users. Not the biggest deal, but I'm bringing it up, but you are currently over using. Basically we allow our clients to add more users than licensed because there are a lot of situations in which you like need to add a user in an emergency and you don't want to wait for paperwork to get filed or anything like that. We just ask that either before you add them. Or as soon as you can after you add them to let us know to to purchase those. Okay. And it's in somewhat in elegant process. You just email me there's no automation or anything like that. You just email me and say, hey, can I have in in this instance 2 users? I can put together an order form after this call for 2 users, just so you have that pricing though, once you get anomaly whatever you get the point where you get what I'm saying. But to your other point about guest accounts internally, that actually would not work for you. So by guest accounts, do you mean like, PreVeil express accounts?
Chris Munshaw: Yeah.
Andrew Meggs: So yeah. So right now, we have domain lock implemented that if someone has the supply chain email domain, they would not be able to sign up for a PreVeil express.
Chris Munshaw: Account. Oh, I see. Okay.
Andrew Meggs: And that is to prevent UI. Spillage you were kind of referencing in your email if anyone
Andrew Meggs: It's a security thing where if you sign up for an express account, that is a non compliant account. It's not under administrative review, you can't pull their logs. And if that person were to accidentally get forwarded UI or anything like that there'd be no way for anyone to track it or anything like that. So we implement domain lock to make sure that no one can accidentally set up for account if that makes sense.
Chris Munshaw: Yeah, yeah. No, it does. Okay. Yeah, if you could send me the pricing for the extra 2 licenses, I'll spend this week, just confirming who we're gonna need long term and how many licenses. I'll let you know if we can drop it back down to the original or sure. We'll need to add even more, but sure. Yeah.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. Yeah, I'll do that and I'll send that one pager and info about the email gateway. So you have that in your back pocket. Um
Andrew Meggs: And then what else product updates? we're coming well. Now, we're coming out with cloud drive here in about a month and a half. Hopefully, I don't know if you've heard anything about that, but we were basically rewriting our drive from the ground up to vastly improve download speeds, upload speed syncing. It'll be much more like one drive. Where if you were synced to a local device. Instead of that file actually being on your device, you'll actually just be seeing a representation of what's on the cloud. Won't be touching the devices anymore. The UI is updated. I'll look really pretty it the it's right now in alpha, the beta is fingers crossed gonna start in a couple of weeks and then it's set to be really well. It was set to be released early march. Now we're thinking late march, but we'll see how that goes. But that's our next big product pushes cloud drive is
Andrew Meggs: Obviously, you'll there's gonna be fan fair is gonna be marketing materials. You'll know when it happens. Um
Andrew Meggs: And we also recently launched A G R C tool. I don't know if that's something you guys are already using or anything you need. But with the accelerator, we added a we've created a new product on top of that the GRC tool. I think we added a module about that in the accelerator.
Chris Munshaw: Okay.
Andrew Meggs: So that's a new product. And then yeah. If you have questions about that, let me know. And then yeah, it's kind of it in terms of new things. The cloud driver was supposed to come out actually in February, but now it's set for software development goes, sometimes. But yeah. Anything else you wanted to go over or talk about?
Chris Munshaw: Um
Chris Munshaw: We stumbled on an opportunity which involves export controlled materials. I don't know if you know much about export control.
Andrew Meggs: A little bit, but not a ton.
Chris Munshaw: Okay. My understanding is it may or may not be labeled C UI, but there are other requirements around storing storing it outside of the United States. And our plan was to just use PreVeil for export, controlled documents and have a separate folder, which would be just our American users that have access to export controlled and they make you fill out an application where you're reporting the location of the of any devices storing the documents like IP address and physical location. And we were debating the merits of PreVeil with encrypted storage of these documents and the fact they're only UN encrypted on the end user device if that satisfies export controlled. Or if we should ask about like, the PreVeil servers and where the data is stored in the sure.
Andrew Meggs: Well, I can tell you the PreVeil servers are ITAR compliant, it's all in America with American employees. We have an ad to station to that effect if you need it. But I know that the servers at the very least are next controlled. Yeah.
Chris Munshaw: Okay. We're gonna keep looking into it and I'll let you know if uh
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. We I mean we actually just created a European server for some of our British clients, but that's not here nor there, but yeah, all of our all of the stuff is on the AWS. Gov cloud. So that's all.
Chris Munshaw: Yeah. Okay.
Andrew Meggs: American American made, well, probably not American made, but you know, American located at the very least.
Chris Munshaw: Cool. Um
Chris Munshaw: Okay. Perfect.
Chris Munshaw: That's all I have.
Andrew Meggs: That's it for me. I will send all this over and you can get back to me about whether or not you need any licenses. And if so how many and besides that you have my contact info. So if you need anything else, let me know.
Chris Munshaw: Great. Awesome. I appreciate it.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah, thank you, Chris and have a great day.
Chris Munshaw: You too. Bye. Bye.