Account: Tailor Made Training & Consulting, LLC
Call Date: 2026-01-26
Duration: 00:11:19
Participants: Zackary Gilman

======================================================================

Dr Patrick Cook: Hello, good afternoon. Hi, Zack.
Zackary Gilman: Hey, Patrick. How are you doing today?
Dr Patrick Cook: Absolutely. Wonderful. How are you? Doing well, thanks for asking and I don't think we're
Zackary Gilman: Waiting for anybody else, is that correct?
Dr Patrick Cook: Is correct on my side?
Zackary Gilman: Perfect. Well, yeah, we can kick things off. This call should be pretty straightforward. It's really to introduce you to myself. Zach, I'm gonna be your point of contact from PreVeil from here on out. We're gonna go into just kind of some next steps high level and some resources here at your disposal. But I always like to kick off these calls. Just hear a little bit about what brought you to PreVeil. Looks like from the notes. It's related to CMC compliance, but just kind of want to hear from yourself first on on what brought you to us.
Dr Patrick Cook: Well, Zach, to be honest with you, it looks like Robert has as part of the blocker share of cms. If not, you guys have got the best marketers in the world and um, everything everywhere, all the time is about PreVeil and um, I said as a new player in the game. I reached out to PreVeil to see how I could partner with you guys. And I was fortunate enough to meet a couple of good guys and your team. And they welcome me into the PreVeil partnership and we have a couple of different agreements. And that's how I mean, just basically just seeing your LinkedIn profile, youtube, videos and just your online presence. And it seems like I made the right choice. I mean, I think you guys have run on the call a few days ago. You have these workshops and meetings and things of that nature. So that was what brought me to PreVeil.
Zackary Gilman: That's great to hear. Yeah, it's good to to hear that. You're working with the partnership team already. And then in terms of your PreVeil licenses, it looks like you've got the one license with the admin console as well as the accelerator, is that correct?
Dr Patrick Cook: That is correct.
Zackary Gilman: Okay. Great. And I believe you've already got access to the accelerator.
Dr Patrick Cook: That is correct.
Zackary Gilman: Okay. Great. And then just kind of going into next steps here. Have you had a chance to download PreVeil and get that installed onto your device at all?
Dr Patrick Cook: No. I'm likely. I may do that at some point, but I am just basically kind of look at what all you guys offer. What are the opportunities for our partnership agreement and things of nature? and then perhaps maybe in a couple of months. I may have to download if I need to know more information. But right now, I'm just looking at the landscape.
Zackary Gilman: Okay. Perfect. Yeah, that makes sense. So whenever you feel that you want to download it, feel free to go ahead and get that PreVeil set up. And I'm not sure if you're gonna want to do a full onboarding call, per se, but we do have that option. It's an hour, long, technical onboarding or we do have a 30 minute session available as well. If you got to kind of go over the admin console the ins and outs of PreVeil if that's of interest to you as well. Okay. But I'll send that over in a link. So you have your at your disposal after this call you've got the compliance accelerator access. You're able to have up to 3 people in there. So if you ever want somebody else, feel free to to let me know and just some other resources available to you. I'll send this in my follow up as well, but you do have support at PreVeil.com that's for our support team. Sending them an email would automatically create a ticket if you have any technical issues. And you also do have compliance at PreVeil.com that's an email for our compliance team to be able to answer any questions that pop up throughout this process. One thing to note as well with the compliance accelerators. You do have access to 6 30 minute sessions with our compliance team as well. If you ever feel a need to to ask any detailed questions or just kind of want to go over documentation, whatever it may be, feel free to book some time with them and ask ask questions as we may see fit.
Dr Patrick Cook: Okay. This let's park there for a minute. Yeah. I didn't realize that. So 6 30 minute sessions.
Dr Patrick Cook: Can I combine them for example, one one hour session and then I have 4 remaining?
Zackary Gilman: I believe they're limited. I believe you can only book it out for 30 minutes. You might be able to do like, multiple on the same day, but I believe it's only book able for 30 minutes at a time. But given that you're a partner, you might be able to to have a discussion longer discussion with our partnership team on doing a longer call with our compliance team.
Dr Patrick Cook: To condense it down to a 30 minute session. That way I can make the most use of your time. I want to try to monopolize it. Based on the partners you have a
Dr Patrick Cook: No. Go ahead. What's the scope of the questions? Right, compliance? I mean, when you think about 32 CFO, I want to send as a big document, that's a lot of stuff in there. So is it constrained to a certain area or can I kind of really be kind of we can we go deep into it is 171, any of the artifacts that compliance related or is a constraint?
Zackary Gilman: No. You can feel free to to kind of grow them on different compliance related issues or questions. They pretty much seen everything from from beginners to the most advanced in terms of compliance knowledge. So feel free to use those sessions at your discretion and kind of use them to to get in the weeds with compliance, high level, whatever it may be. They definitely be able to to help you out with that.
Dr Patrick Cook: Oh, my goodness. Well, that's already value right there. So how do I go about how does one go about scheduling those sessions?
Zackary Gilman: So I'll share my screen really quick just so you can see it. But it will be in accelerate and I'll show you exactly where to find it.
Dr Patrick Cook: Okay. And I'm working my way through the training material too. I mean, it's a lot of people and I'd probably be in it the rest of the year, but yeah, for the most part, a lot of good stuff.
Zackary Gilman: So let me know, I should be able to see this.
Dr Patrick Cook: Yes. Um
Zackary Gilman: Perfect. So this is what the accelerator looks like and then to book those sessions, it's just under additional compliance resources. So if you click in here, it's gonna be that first link to schedule time with our compliance team.
Dr Patrick Cook: Oh, that's what I did. See that. I thought that was a call. What we're had.
Zackary Gilman: Yeah. No, this is just a welcome call. And then this will be what you would use to to book those 30 minute sessions. So this will just take you to their calendar and you're able to book time as you see fit.
Dr Patrick Cook: Yeah. I've seen this one. Okay. I didn't know where there was for. Okay.
Zackary Gilman: Yeah. That's how you book those sessions. And then the documentation is under under step 6 as well, if you ever wanted to get your hands on the docs package.
Dr Patrick Cook: Yeah, I've looked at those. Yeah.
Zackary Gilman: Perfect. The only other thing I have is just to schedule a 90 day check in call. So from here, I'll just schedule out probably the same time for the third week of April and then as it gets closer to it. If you need to change the time around can always work around your schedule.
Dr Patrick Cook: Okay.
Zackary Gilman: But yeah, that like I said, this call is very straightforward. That's kind of it from from my spiel. I want to see if there's any questions. Anything I can help address right off the bat here.
Dr Patrick Cook: All right. I mean, jack Zack tell me a little bit about our relationship. So what is the expectation of me the person that signed up for this compliance accelerator?
Zackary Gilman: So for you I mean, it's totally especially because you have a unique use case where you're obviously a partner. You just trying to familiar, familiarize yourself with the PreVeil system. Nothing really on on my end that you would need to take care of. You have access to the compliance accelerator. After this I'll resend the the link to download PreVeil as well as book the onboarding. If you so please I'll be your point of contact from here on out. So I'm able to to answer any questions that come up. But yeah, it's pretty much you have the full access as of right now. So you're able to kind of go through it and see what comes up and go through the process that way.
Dr Patrick Cook: Okay. Now hopefully by the end of next quarter, I'll have some client on board it until my platform. Or at least I'll start talking to clients about the partnership that we have and hand them over to you guys. If I can't service that client and in that instance, do I reach out to you as the first point of contact or do I reach out to someone else that I've been working with previously?
Zackary Gilman: Yeah, you can reach out to me. So I'll be your point of contact from here on out. So if you have a client interested in PreVeil, are you just looking to get some more information? I'm happy to help with that.
Dr Patrick Cook: Okay. All right. Good deal. So I think I've been working with uh
Zackary Gilman: It was jack.
Dr Patrick Cook: Yeah, jack. Connor, maybe. Yep. Yep. So and then Sam crips.
Zackary Gilman: Yeah. So Sam is head of our partnerships. So anything related to a partner question. That would probably be best directed towards Sam. Okay. But I can always I mean, I work very closely with Sam. So if you're not sure where to go, I can just shoot me an email and I can always ping Sam and see where we should send you
Dr Patrick Cook: Okay. I may is it okay for me to this? If I'm reaching out to you, maybe CC Sam and jack on the emails? Or just I don't want to flood invites e mail Box I know mine is crazy. But I can certainly keep you guys in a loop. That way they have initial context as well.
Zackary Gilman: Yeah. You can take jack off jack is all set in your process. But if you want to keep Sam on we'll be the 2 people that you'll be dealing with from from.
Dr Patrick Cook: All right. Okay.
Dr Patrick Cook: And that way you guys can triage the question to see which bucket?
Dr Patrick Cook: Yeah. That the system. Okay. I think I understand our relationship. I understand now Sam's relationship. Jack is no longer a point of contact. I already get most of you guys correspondents for workshops and training material. I think the next 2 things I'm take make use of is the 30 minute sessions and I can continue working on the training that you guys have or that accelerated list. I want to be at least get through a good portion of that before I can start really asking some good good. Really good questions about your system.
Zackary Gilman: Yeah. And I'm sure you'll have questions as you get more into the weeds. So feel free to shoot over anything that comes up. But you'll receive a couple of things for me. One will just be the invite to our 90 day check in. The second will be a follow up email details, everything we talked about, as well as listing out the resources that you have. But yeah, like I said, if anything comes up feel free to shoot over an email. Happy to help or walk you through anything. Sounds good. Awesome. Well, thanks so much for your time and hope you have a great rest of your day.
Dr Patrick Cook: Yeah, you too. Zack, I appreciate it.
Zackary Gilman: See you