Account: The Amatriot Group
Call Date: 2025-12-01
Duration: 00:29:42
Participants: Robin Barrow, Mark Carnahan

======================================================================

Robin Barrow: So
Mark Carnahan: All good.
Robin Barrow: Hi, John. Hi, Mark.
John Warren: How's it going?
Robin Barrow: Good. Thank oh sorry. You all I was just for talking jumping on we were on mute. I'm just making sure.
Robin Barrow: This is everyone, right?
Mark Carnahan: Yep. Yep. Okay. Great.
Robin Barrow: This is your intro call to PreVeil. This should honestly take no longer than 10 minutes unless you all have some questions. But really, it's just an intro. To me, I'm your customer success manager and I will be your main point of contact here at PreVeil and really I just want to learn a little bit more about you guys, why you need PreVeil and then talk about next steps and how to get started. Yeah. So just to confirm what you all signed up for
Robin Barrow: Give me a second. I have everything pulled up. I see that you all have 3 users, one of them being admin. You also purchase the compliance accelerator. So you purchase PreVeil task, which includes the compliance accelerator, but you also got the email gateway. Yes. Okay. That sounds accurate. Yeah. Corey told me a little bit, but if you don't mind sharing, why do you all need PreVeil?
Mark Carnahan: Yeah. I mean, we're trying to fast track our way into getting the CMC compliance. I mean, it's something that we've been doing. I've been doing for a while. And it's just a lot and we had already purchased or like years ago I identified that through scoping, we could limit it to
Mark Carnahan: We don't handle a lot of UI, if well, to be honest, we don't handle any. But we want to kind of prep for that. And obviously we can say that we don't do it, but if we don't have it documented properly and whatever, then, right? It doesn't really matter. So we had so I had previously purchased like 3 years ago I purchased a GCC High tendency for 3 users. Okay. And to be honest, we never actually even rolled it out. I was the only one who had access to it. Okay. Largely because it was one of those well, until someone actually needs to send to UI. I'm not even gonna have my users login because what's the point? Okay. And so most of the time UI for us is we get access to it through a prime? Okay. Because we've mastered the art of being a subcontractor, we have like 40 plus contracts and we only have one prime. We're technically the prime on one of them. Even that one is a joint venture. It's not even like truly a prime. But most of the contracts that we have, we either get access to cut through the prime or through a Government email account. Okay. I have a contract at the DIA, where I use my cat card to access. My customer email. And that's where they send any UI data.
Mark Carnahan: So yeah, it's one of those things where we're really just trying to make sure that we can check all the boxes. And to be honest, if we have one contract that is requiring us to have an SS rating of 110 before they will let us have access to positions. So primarily we're a staffing company. But there's a multitude of different ways that we perform that function and one of them is to become a subcontractor. So obviously by being a subcontractor, we have to then comply with the requirements. So it's easier for us to say we have an environment, this CC compliant certified, whatever. And you guys are actually about this well a little bit. Now, now that we're kind of getting into the nitty gritty of the details of the licensing, you're a little bit more expensive, but then GCC High, but it's a lot less maintenance. Yeah, John's only been with me since October. We've known each other for like 20 years, but he just recently started working for me. So before that. It was just me doing everything. Okay. Um and we needed a quick and fast and easy way to get compliant. And we actually originally heard about you guys through a gentleman by the name of Chris link who runs the is program, which is your GRC tool. Yeah, we also have an is account our own separate, which is why we didn't buy the portal through you guys. Yeah. And so so long story, but my brother actually works for the arrow space industry association they use is for all of their standards that they push out. So my brother facilitated this
Mark Carnahan: Relationship with Chris. And then Chris basically said hey, you guys should talk to PreVeil. That's kind of the. That's how we thought.
Robin Barrow: Yeah. Yeah. I wonder if we could um
Robin Barrow: I can ask, but since you all already have the accelerator and you have the DC to see if we can just get you in the PreVeil instance for the
Mark Carnahan: I don't know. So I don't know that we want to do that because we are actually in the process of evaluating becoming we're so let me back up. Um
Mark Carnahan: We realized about 2 years ago that in about 5 years sometime during the next 5 years we're gonna graduate from a small business program. Okay. So so one of the things that we did was we recently re branded so we used to be called Government, Tactical, Solutions, and now we're called the major group or gov tacked and part of that strategic move for us was because we're opening up to commercial.
Mark Carnahan: Okay. One of the offerings in the commercial sector for us that we're evaluating right now is basically is offering so helping people to work on their compliance. Okay. So so one of the reasons why I would say probably won't be joining your tendency is because we're gonna be creating our we have our own and then we're gonna be accessing the client access portal of our own so that we can manage our own clients and we for some of them, we may just say, hey, it's gonna be easier for you guys to just go to PreVeil and will basically be like, resellers for you guys. Yeah. For some of it because another aspect of the commercial offerings is something that we call the channel partnership program, which basically is like find other small businesses. I got a guy that lives like 10 miles away from me who wants to start his own government contracting business, but doesn't know where to start. And we're building a program where he can basically come in, use our business development, people use our network and security people use our compliance. Tools or whatever to get him compliant and ready to be able to be a prime. And then in exchange we become their exclusive staffing partner. So yeah, we're trying to figure out ways to facilitate the commercial offerings and helping other companies get their cms certifications as part of that. So that's why we probably wouldn't join your
Mark Carnahan: Yeah. Yeah. So
Robin Barrow: That all make sense to me. And exciting when you're ready, obviously talk to our partners team to get you all the reseller program and all that fun stuff.
Mark Carnahan: Yeah. And we're in the very early stages. We just did the re branding and launch the commercial division back in June and we're still very early in that process. But the other reason why we probably wouldn't join the tendency to is because part of the offering is for standards other than cms. So like, yeah, like managing other people's and all the other even the one some of the ones that my brother does with the arrow space stuff. Like if they just need a GRC tool, we can get you into and you can start using it with all of your compliance needs.
Robin Barrow: Yeah. I'm curious to when we're gonna flip that switch to obviously we're our
Robin Barrow: C level two, but like, the amount of times I get customers asking, okay. Can we use it for is can we use
Mark Carnahan: It for the answer is yes, you can.
Robin Barrow: You can yes. I know, I just had that capability. I just don't know if we want to turn it on for our customers. Yeah. Well, so right now, yeah. But yeah.
Mark Carnahan: So the issue that I've talked with Chris about a lot is what I asked him was is it possible to do a crosswalk between for instance and it or sock one sock 2 PC. It test how many of those controls overlap. And so therefore you could have an analyzer that goes through and says, well, you're at this in cms world. If you were to go and try and get is 27,000 one, you would already be 60% there or whatever it might be. These are how they all map out and he there. That's something they're actually working on in there. It's in their pipeline for this coming year. Because that would be huge for us to be able to go like, hey, if you guys get your certification and you use this tool, we can then go in and be like, hey, for an extra $1,000. Now, you have access to
Robin Barrow: So
Mark Carnahan: The so 27,001 9 thousand, whatever it is and you can manage it all here. It's super cost effective for you guys because it's all your governance and compliance in one place. And and and we can do an analysis to figure out what's the best path forward. So right now
Robin Barrow: We have customers even for like, level one. We don't want to look at the 17 controls. We don't want the 1 10 right now and yeah.
Mark Carnahan: Yeah. Its actually offers that for free.
Robin Barrow: They do. I don't know why we haven't. I switch on it. Yeah. Yeah.
Mark Carnahan: I mean, that's initially how we got our account with Avis. Was that like, we just signed up for the free one that they offer for the 17 controls. And then I went to and then I had my calls with Chris and he was like, oh, let me turn on cms level 2. Well, unfortunately he turned off level one for us and we're like, well, we still want that. Even though we know that's incorporated in it. We still need to manage that until we get to level 2. So if you could turn that back on and he's like, yeah, yeah, I'll do it. And then he keeps forgetting. So
Robin Barrow: Majority of our our paper or our compliance package is all based on level 2. So I think that's why we don't have level. But probably like technically the combined accelerator does not support level one. It's all well
Mark Carnahan: Double level one is not hard to get. I mean, it's not now now. So it's kind of hit or miss, but but yeah, that's kind of the history. A little bit. So John and I actually worked together previously at my last job 5 years ago. And he helped me get through. So 27,001 which we did in like, 3 months, which was insane.
Robin Barrow: But a very fast. I don't know.
Robin Barrow: Level tooth, crazy. We've had one customer do it in a month.
Mark Carnahan: And yeah. Well, you're about to have another one. All right? Because we have to get it done before the end of December.
Robin Barrow: Oh, shoot. Okay.
Mark Carnahan: So like, John has been going through the videos and stuff and really, to be honest, what we need is the template so that we can just hammer out the start
John Warren: Yeah.
Mark Carnahan: Because our scope is so small, it's literally just your environment with a few tweaks tweaks. Like the fact that we use in tune to encrypt and bit locker to encrypt all of our laptops. We just have to but it's done through the commercial system. Like that's just how like we can document that, but the scope is so small because it's literally just your system. Yeah. And it's 3 people. One of the things that we did need to talk to you about is I didn't understand that in order for an admin to exist, they have to have a full license and and we need to have 2 admins as part of our company policy. You have to have like a 2 admins for everything. We're gonna need to buy another admin license and then we're also going to need to know their full standard user. Because John ended up having to take one just so we could be an admin.
Robin Barrow: Okay. Yeah, I can it's really easy to just feel free to add the user said.
Mark Carnahan: Users now we added on and the and made them an admin. And they told us that you guys would true up at some point. I have not added the other 2 users yet. We I'll talk I'm gonna talk to my CEO about it. And he may just say just add the admin license and keep the 3 users and we'll add the fourth user when
John Warren: When we need to what
Mark Carnahan: We need to because right now we don't need to
Robin Barrow: Okay.
Mark Carnahan: So
Robin Barrow: I just want to say this so. I don't know if John you were watching, but the acne docs package is found in step 6 under documentation. It's down here and then all these documents are linked. So you can triple click through here and you're able to open it up.
Mark Carnahan: Okay. Okay.
Robin Barrow: So I always say these are great examples of a company that has reached level too. They're template based, but they're completely filled up. So they that has all the information that you will need. It's based obviously, the company is not gonna be the same as yours. It's gonna have a little bit more people potentially. But um
Mark Carnahan: Well, so our plan was basically to go through this and do like, the initial fill out of the template and do the small tweaks. And then with the premise of the scope being just the PreVeil system and then we can add oh, yeah, we also now have given them access to to use the integration within outlook, but the laptops are encrypted, but at least we could do even if we just stayed with just use the PreVeil system that already narrows our scope to so small that we can pretty much just take your template and say we're done.
Robin Barrow: Yeah. I mean, other than the fact that there's gonna have to be some like, this is our SP for instance 185 pages.
Mark Carnahan: Yeah. We know we just need to get started processing through the
Robin Barrow: With this though. And it sounds like you all are pretty well versed in team level two, but you do get those 6 30 minute sessions with the compliance team. So if you have any one off questions or need advice on how things are typically handled, they've been in the space for a while they understand it, they've seen assessments, so
Mark Carnahan: You can say I'll be honest that was one of the main reasons why we went ahead and pulled the trigger was just having the ability to have something that we can reach out to them. We have questions about a weird, one off scenario. Yeah, yeah. Exactly. So for instance, the fact that are in tune is so I get this actually gets a lot easier for us because the way I was doing it was GCC High and I had that environment and then but we weren't using in tune through it because we didn't buy licenses that included in tune, right? So then we had to deploy in tune in our commercial tenancy. And then depending on who you ask some people say well, then that means that you need an SP for your commercial environment. In addition to your GCC, High and now that yeah. Now that whole environment has to right, be certified. Well, that's gonna take a lot longer because there's a lot more to do in there. For us to be able to say, hey, we have PreVeil we're limiting access to it through either the the integration that's on everybody's, laptop, or and the laptops themselves are encrypted.
Mark Carnahan: That makes it a whole lot easier. We don't have to pull in the scope of everything else. So um
Robin Barrow: And yeah, that's we pretty much map it all out for you, especially with you see our endpoint configuration also here, what you all probably have done before, but
Mark Carnahan: Well, cms has helped me to push a lot of security things into place that I wanted. That they always told me it was annoying and they didn't want to have it and it'd be like, sorry, we have to do it a cms and they're like, oh, I can't fight the cms.
Robin Barrow: No. Awesome. No, yeah. That's we try to take it really green. What is why is important? How do we get there? Yeah. Okay. Healthy score one time.
Mark Carnahan: Yeah. I was gonna say, unfortunately, for you John and I are already like well passed.
Mark Carnahan: We're like, we need the meet not the not everything else. So we're beyond the solid course. Yeah.
Robin Barrow: So okay. You can also email the compliance team as well. Is there any one off questions that you don't feel as though would require a call? It's like a quick, here's the answer. But and they don't count against your time, but yeah, you do get those 6 30 minute sessions. Of course. If you are working towards like a full on audit. I know you're doing mostly just updating your SPs and doing the self assessment.
Mark Carnahan: Yeah, we're not planning on doing the full audit just yet. We're just doing the self assessment for right now. So that's why like we're not gonna get, we're not gonna do full audit in a month, but we need to be able to do full self assessment. So
Robin Barrow: That one customer was full audit in a month. Yeah. We could
Mark Carnahan: Do it's just the cost right of getting an assessment. We're I'm like at this point going. We want to stay at self audit level to as long as we honestly can. Yeah. Because the second that we start having to pay for. That's like we can budget it and that's fine. Because it just cost of doing business. I mean I was looking at like this is one of the arguments that I made when I made the ask for paying for PreVeil, was one we're gonna save on. We're not gonna renew GCC High. So we're already saving money there. And then this one contract that's requiring us to be at an S P S level 10. One ten there is a contract that has, I think, 148 bullets and they're like only they only have 50 of them filled right now. So so for us, that's millions of dollars in revenue. So it's so I'm like $10,000 is like, not a big deal.
Robin Barrow: I always say that. Our customers I'm like, is the juice worth of suite. Is this worth it and they're always like, well, yes it's 90% of our business. It is I'm like, okay.
Mark Carnahan: Yeah. Yeah. And that's the thing for us, is that like, one for Val provides us with lowest cost of entry. Because for us and the lowest what's the word I'm looking for? It's the easiest to manage.
Robin Barrow: Effort. Yeah. Yeah.
Mark Carnahan: Lowest level of effort. When you're looking at one, it was a team of one now it's a team of two, yeah. But and we've got 2 hundred, I think we're up to 225 employees, but for the most part, none of them have laptops. We have 30 laptops maybe 35 laptops because most of our people we hire them and then they go on site and they're working for a customer who provides them with all their it. So we give them an email address and that's it. That's all we
Robin Barrow: Okay.
Mark Carnahan: So like, we try to yeah. We don't need we don't have any servers in the office. Everything's in office 365 that's done on purpose. Yeah, our continuing operations plan is like, just work from home no. It's that simple. Our last job, we work for a travel insurance company and I told them that was our continue our co OP plan and they were like, it can't be that simple and I'm like, why not?
John Warren: Nice. And it was
Mark Carnahan: They were like it is that has to be more complicated than that. I'm like, it's really not
John Warren: And we proved it with covid.
Mark Carnahan: They were like what's your guys' continuity, operation plan? we already enacted it and it's already happening. Yeah. But what is it everybody's just working from home and they were like, oh
Robin Barrow: Okay. Yeah.
Robin Barrow: It's that's the biggest thing too, with cms, like it's a beast, but most people over think it
Robin Barrow: It's most of the controls are pretty easily met. And a lot of times it's just like, okay, if this if we have a weird situation for this one control, put a policy in place. Like yeah. Okay. Yeah.
Mark Carnahan: And that's I mean, that's what we actually my last job. We actually hired a consultant from delta risks to come in and basically sit there and that's what they did. Almost every single day 16 hours a day would sit there and be like, I think you're over thinking this you've got outside the scope. Let's bring it back to here. I'm like, oh, okay. And then we would go for another 20 minutes and then it would happen again and yes. So yeah. Yeah.
Robin Barrow: Half of my job is talking our customers off the left.
Robin Barrow: Yeah, over on cms. Because it's a lot of them especially the small businesses. We can't afford to get level 2. We can't do this. This is crazy and then I'm like we don't need to get audited right now. I know like, for 48 really scared a lot of people, but
Mark Carnahan: Supposed to
Robin Barrow: That point um
Mark Carnahan: But I scaring the Chinese and the Russians more than it scares other good.
Robin Barrow: There you go. Yeah. But other than that, I think
Robin Barrow: You all will be fine. I just based on the conversation that we had please let me know if you need help with anything or have any questions or any road, but I see that you're already up and running in PreVeil to you had your training with Ryan, which is great. I'll schedule some time for us to connect in.
Robin Barrow: March, that's crazy 90 days from now. Just to make sure that we're feeling good, but feel free to reach out. Also, if you do get to a point where you do need an audit, I'm just gonna say this. Please let us know. We have C 3 PO that we want to recommend mainly because they know PreVeil and it will just make your life easier.
Mark Carnahan: Yeah, yeah. The we do have a meeting or a call scheduled later today to do the email gateway.
Robin Barrow: Okay.
Mark Carnahan: The only thing with that just as a piece of feedback for you guys. Yeah. There that when we started talking to, is it Dennis? I think it was who we talked to before. Ryan, Ryan. Sorry.
Robin Barrow: Ryan, first, Ryan Dennis. So you're there
Mark Carnahan: You go. Yeah, drag in. So he's talking through it and he was saying that we needed to be able to purchase a certificate. Yeah, which is not a problem. We can do that, but that wasn't a cost that we were making ahead of time. And it was kind of like, wait a second. Now, it's getting a little bit more expensive and a little bit more expensive and a little bit more. It's like would have just been good to know ahead of time. Because the flip side to that is we have I mean, I don't know what the email gateway consists of, but we have the ability to our domains are all through AWS and we have an elastic load balancer that we already use that generates seats for free. Fine. Yeah, we could do it that way. But yeah, and I'm sure that'll be a conversation I can have with them. And that would be my preference. I don't know if you guys are using AWS as your front end for that stuff or what? But I
Robin Barrow: Think we are. I don't see that being an issue. Um
Mark Carnahan: Yeah. Because we used to do this when we worked with the travel insurance agency because like, we'd be like, hey, all we need you to do is point it is going in a DNS entry that gives us permission to generate search on your behalf and that's all we need. And it was like a bunch of them were like, well, we're gonna have to proof of concept this and whatever and because we're telling like as soon as you revoke that entry, all of our cert become invalid. So you have complete control and several of them are like, no, we still want to give you a cert. Okay. Well, in a year from now when that expires.
Robin Barrow: I think you do need to do it on your behalf.
Mark Carnahan: Yeah, that's fine. Yeah. Well, because if it has to be an case, then yes, we have to do that through. Yeah. And that's fine. That's totally okay.
Robin Barrow: Um
Mark Carnahan: I just was just from as a feedback, like we can handle it. That's not a big deal. It just was we when we bought the service, no, one would that wasn't even included as like an upcoming cost?
Robin Barrow: Yeah. I should let the sales team to know or at least the know on that feedback because it is it's additional cost. Some of them can be upwards of $300 a year or something like that, but
Mark Carnahan: The only other thing would be like, the admin user has to also have full user rights. Because our intent like, I thought my thinking and this is just a big assumption that I made was I would be a standard user, but I would be also be an admin and then we could just add John in because he doesn't need to access the co idea. He just needs to administer the back end. And so that's where I should have asked, but I didn't even think to ask. So, but again, it's $20 a month. I mean, it's
John Warren: Not that big of a deal. But yeah, would've been nice to know.
Mark Carnahan: Just
Robin Barrow: Explanation should have been more clear on our end. Yeah. The to be completely honest, our system doesn't distinguish between the standard user and an app. The privileges are the same. If you're an admin, you have all privileges. You have access to email and drive which standard users obviously don't get the admin tab. Yeah. But I down the line, we're creating an admin dashboard, which will be hopefully be able to just segment. Make a difference between the 2 my brain. So I'm like 30 times. Sorry, I can't
Mark Carnahan: Come good. Because the only other thing would be like, if you had the ability to have like, an admin user interface is fine. But like, if you had the ability to have just a user admin. So like, John could log in and add somebody or remove somebody or do all those things actually ask without actually accessing the UI components. That would be
John Warren: That would be ideal. Because then that person, whoever that is no.
Robin Barrow: Longer in scope. Um
Mark Carnahan: The one issue with another service that we had, where they wanted to charge me $2,500 a month to just be an admin. And I was like, I don't even want your service. Yeah, I just want to be able to administer the users that are using it. Yeah, they were like, well, we don't have an option for that and I was like, well, then we might not be using your service anymore. Um
Robin Barrow: I was guessing for you, John. If you don't want access to the any of the PreVeil material or excuse me the UI or anything like that. Just don't have it shared with you. Yeah. Yeah, that's no, no.
John Warren: No, no, no. We totally get that and we totally understand what it is. I mean the admin user is just a standard user plus admin access. And what we want is what ideally what we would like would be to have the admin access, but not with
Robin Barrow: No standard standard user access to the sensitive stuff. Yes. Yeah. Okay. That makes sense. So
Mark Carnahan: That there's limitations to yeah.
John Warren: Absolutely. I mean, we're not we know that it's not a super easy thing for them to just like flip a switch or whatever. It requires them to re code a whole bunch of stuff. So we totally understand it. I think the key is just that. We just would we would like to know that at the beginning.
Robin Barrow: But that's fine. Yes. Again, if it ever comes down, I always say for adding users, adding admin. Don't worry about the costs. As far as creating paperwork, we want you to be able to create users on the fly. So just like ping me afterwards be like, hey, Robin, last week we had to add 4 users randomly because we have this new whatever project going on.
Mark Carnahan: Yeah. So that probably won't happen on our end just because the coo myself and our contracts, women are really the only people who ever deal with any UI data. If we land a contract and we suddenly have the need, honestly most of those people are gonna end up being just the free account to access. Okay. Which is there a limit to how many free accounts or guessing no?
Robin Barrow: But your domain will be blocked from adding free account and if it's so if you all have the same domain and you go to add someone at a trot.
Mark Carnahan: .com, yeah.
Robin Barrow: The system is gonna block you to add on, but if you give us a heads up, we can turn off domain lock and then you can go ahead and add them. Yeah. Give us a heads up beforehand.
Mark Carnahan: Okay. No, that's fine. It is. I mean there won't be a ton of people from our company. It would be like if we become if we bid on something, chances are it'll be that we have some subcontractors that would need to then get to the other companies. So but no, there would never be a need unless we added a new program manager and then we would just buy a standard user account. Yes. Okay. I mean, that's the only thing, so. But yeah.
Robin Barrow: That's the only thing our system just blocks you from adding express users with that domain. Cool. Aweme I'll send a follow up email, but it sounds like you guys are really off the races. You've already done your training. You're in the accelerator you fill for email gateway. You're in pretty good hands. Anything I can help out with right now?
Mark Carnahan: I don't think so.
Robin Barrow: Okay. Well, it's nice to meet you all and
Mark Carnahan: We're usually pretty easy. Yeah, we try to you
Robin Barrow: Seem pretty easy.
Robin Barrow: But yeah, no. Of course. If anything else comes up, reach out, reason to reach out to me if something's on fire and you need someone to look at it right away. Call me. Okay. Honestly. So then I can just light a fire somewhere?
Mark Carnahan: Yeah. Sounds good. All right. Great. Keep your well, thank you, your name and number information in our role at. I think I just dated myself. You did?
Robin Barrow: So
Robin Barrow: I'm 33. I'm not
Mark Carnahan: Not it's my birthday. So
Robin Barrow: Happy birthday. You're is that setters, technically? I'm December 15th. So we're close. Yeah. Yeah.
Mark Carnahan: Hopefully I won't talk to you between now and then. So happy birthday to you.
Mark Carnahan: But
Robin Barrow: Again, we do.
Robin Barrow: That your Monday. Thank you. Enjoy your birthday.
Mark Carnahan: Thanks, thanks. Bye. Bye.