Account: TruNorte, LLC
Call Date: 2026-02-13
Duration: 00:12:13
Participants: Robin Barrow

======================================================================

CamilleTolentino: So
Robin Barrow: Do you pronounce your name Camille?
CamilleTolentino: Yes, I'm Camille.
Robin Barrow: Okay. Hello, I just want to good make sure morning. Awesome. Good morning. Thank you so much for joining. Are we expecting and anybody else today?
CamilleTolentino: No. Not right now.
Robin Barrow: Okay. Great. So yeah, honestly this is your welcome call. These calls go fairly short. I just want to cover what you all signed up for talk about next steps on getting started. And yeah, just learn a little bit more about why you all need PreVeil and what you're hoping to get out of it. I am your customer success manager, so I'll be your main point of contact moving forward here. And yeah, just to cover what you all signed up for. I see you have 2 users, one of them being an admin and you also purchase the compliance bundle, which includes our accelerator and GRC so yeah. If you don't mind sharing why do you all need PreVeil?
CamilleTolentino: So I'm a do contractor. I'm a sub. I don't have a prime contract, but I'm a sub to 2 primes. And then I have a kind of a handful of folks. So we're a small business. We're like 10 8 10 people, but really it's like 8 of billable, billable people and but we're working with the government and we have to do 2 to 4 and all this stuff. And we end up having to do a lot of things on the government system because we can't process.
CamilleTolentino: And then now with all that cms compliance requirements. And then a lot of them are getting flown down to the subs even though we're not the prime on the contract then just getting it done so that we're not barred from future work. So that's really why.
Robin Barrow: Yeah. Pretty straightforward use case of PreVeil, actually. Yeah, that's why a lot of our customers come to us and are you just beginning the cms journey? I assume?
CamilleTolentino: Yes. Okay. Absolutely. Just beginning it. And I'm not I've been trying to figure out a way to separate the you know, my regular business stuff from what's gonna be within the boundary. So I bought a couple of I max just to be totally different and separate than everything else. So it's very deliberate. Yeah. But I haven't set anything up. I just bought them, but but I read through your paperwork and it looked like a max were also. Okay.
Robin Barrow: So yes. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. Okay. Here I'll go ahead and share my screen. So I went ahead and added you to the our compliance accelerator. I'm sure Eric went over this and what it pertains, but I'm sorry, do I have a ton of background noise?
CamilleTolentino: Not on your end unless it's on my end, I'm
Robin Barrow: Sorry, it's not I just it my there's construction next door and it's finally warm enough where I can open my windows today. So I just want to make sure it wasn't driving you crazy. I
CamilleTolentino: Don't hear anything, you're good.
Robin Barrow: Okay. Great. So yeah, this is a compliance accelerator. Like I said, Eric might have mentioned this is what we call our 10 step guide to getting compliant. There is more steps than 10 obviously. But really, it's taking you super green. Not sure what the MC is, all the way through. How do I get to 1 10 and you can see here how do I secure my endpoints? That's protecting the computers that you just bought. How do I segment my network? So I'll really tell you how to define your scope and remove your scope from the rest of your work. Okay. Yeah. The one thing I will say majority of the recommendations are Microsoft products, but you can always find like the equivalent. It doesn't mean you have to use those. I
CamilleTolentino: Just was like that part. I didn't get enough time, I think to talk to Eric, you know what I mean? The grand scheme of things. But like I wasn't sure because I didn't want I wasn't sure if everything was kind of on the cloud or it really was on my laptop. And I didn't I was trying to separate the boundary. I don't like the government. I mean, I work for the government, but I don't want them all of my business for everything, you know. Yes. And so trying to figure out how to separate things and I'm not sure what is and isn't, you know. So that's why I was trying to figure out a way to be like super deliberate and I'm like, here's an I Mac.
Robin Barrow: Yeah.
CamilleTolentino: Not this. But but I don't know if I'm being just just to just too weird about it, you know. But I didn't get I didn't really get a chance to to talk talk through that. So I don't know because it might be just overkill that I bought 2 max. It might be fine. Excuse my regular business laptops, but I don't know.
Robin Barrow: No. I we always suggest like it because if you use your business laptops, that means that everything that touches that business laptop needs to be in scope. Yeah, you're actually it's a good move to get new devices specifically for this project. And yeah, it makes sense to us and customers do do that. So although you're keeping your co in within para, right? And there is an opportunity where that work might get synced down to your device. Yeah. The idea is not only do you have to have the secure enclave, just think of it as a
Robin Barrow: You lock your door to your house, but you also have to make sure you're in a gated community or your you have security on your security cameras, that sort of thing. You're just double protecting yourself and that's necessary with SMS. There you have to the not only the ki and storing it, right there manner, but then also making sure your endpoints such as your laptops have things like bit locker multi factor identification. You have data loss prevention, the list goes on and it can all be covered through here. Okay. I know enough to be dangerous. I wouldn't say anyone's an experience. It's always changing, but closest people who can definitely go over, scoping your boundary understanding how to protect your devices, re touch our compliance team. They're gonna be your number one contact when it comes to everything cms. They'll they'll be able to go over just that, right? Like how should I go about you're in a manner where you're bringing your own devices, how should I go about protecting those type of deal?
CamilleTolentino: Okay. Do you think do you see any issues that I bought a max or no? No.
Robin Barrow: No. Okay. No, no, I don't think so. Again, our recommendations are I shouldn't say recommendation are examples or Microsoft products. So it's like office suite and Microsoft and all those sort of things. Because majority of our customers are in Microsoft environment, but that doesn't mean you have to we have people that are Mac users as well. Okay. And okay. And with this you get 6 30 minute session with the compliance team, but you can also email them. So any one of questions you have, you can shoot them an e mail. Those don't count against your time.
CamilleTolentino: Okay.
Robin Barrow: I think what else and Eric probably covered that our Acme docs package.
CamilleTolentino: Yeah. Yeah. That was actually one of the things that was like super appealing. I was like, okay, cool. It's like templates. I love it.
Robin Barrow: Yeah. Yeah. No, it's they're super helpful. I always say I'm on mute now. I always say that. They I wouldn't even call them straight templates because they're fully completed. I thought I have them available. Maybe I do on here, there. This is what it looks like. It's all these documents have been fully assessed by C 3 Pao. So you know, that they're approved. If you have nothing in place, I always say to our customers grab what we have and to start. Um
Robin Barrow: Filling in your information use ours as the main the bones and then continue to fill in the information. But as an example, let me see if I got an SP pulled up here.
Robin Barrow: I do. Um
Robin Barrow: They're fully completed all the way down to the version history because we had to get have it completed for to get approved by C 3 PO, but
CamilleTolentino: Okay. Yeah.
Robin Barrow: So you can download these, follow it.
CamilleTolentino: Follow it. Then then it'll be in a better spot than than trying. Trying to figure it all out by myself. So
Robin Barrow: 100% and because you got the bundle yeah. I don't have the DC demo environment, unfortunately. But because you've got the bundle you can use the GRC as a project management tool. Really, it's going to help track your progress as you work through these controls. And honestly, I can help generate your SP for you because you're gonna be including the evidence. Okay. And that will make a lot of sense once I upload that. But again, we always say it takes 4 to 6 months to complete to get to cms level 2. The biggest thing is you can now say you can start managing and storing UI in appropriate manner. And setting up PreVeil is super easy. You can do it by the end of next week. The latest
CamilleTolentino: So okay.
Robin Barrow: Yeah. This is, like I said, this is a compliance portion. I'll make sure you're added to everything. And I'll send a follow up email of the compliance team's email and then I also have a book time with them.
Robin Barrow: Okay. Any questions on this before I move on to the actual setup up for rail? no. Okay. Great. So you already have those new devices and will you be an admin user?
CamilleTolentino: Yeah, it's gonna be myself and then my my security person. So it'll be just the 2 of us.
Robin Barrow: So perfect. Yeah, what I would do and I'll send over the instructions, you probably saw it in the knowledge base. You just need to download PreVeil on your Mac device. And I'll the so instructions are probably is instructions are probably in there as well. But yeah, you just need to download are and then from there you can invite the other user. You can stop there and you just book time with the support team and they'll go over all the admin functions and how to make sure your environment set up appropriately.
Robin Barrow: The download itself should only take around 20 minutes.
Robin Barrow: Demo.
Robin Barrow: Any questions on that process?
CamilleTolentino: Or good. I'm just taking notes. Okay.
Robin Barrow: Okay. And like I said, I'll send over the instructions and I'll send over the calendar link for the support team. Okay. Yeah. But and then lastly, do you have any information today that you need to put into a from your current devices?
CamilleTolentino: No. I have. So so I have a government laptop. Okay. Because I have because I'm on a government contract, so I have I'm able to put on my government the government laptop, obviously, right? And then so once this is set up, then I'll do like a dot safe drop or something like that to put my like, 2 54 and things on
Robin Barrow: Perfect. Yeah, that will be an easy process, then. Great. And then lastly, for us I'll schedule a time for us to connect in 90 days. So sometime in may but again, PreVeil is really simple to use. It's just mail and drive you've used those before. And yeah, you'll be able to use it. No problem. We have support if you need additional training, but I think you'll be good with the support team.
CamilleTolentino: Okay. Very good. Thank you. So much.
Robin Barrow: Of course, anything else I can help out with today?
CamilleTolentino: No, I think we're good. It was very nice to meet.
Robin Barrow: You too. Enjoy the rest of your weekend. Thank you so much.
CamilleTolentino: Bye, bye. Bye.