Account: ULTIMATE HYDROFORMING INC (UHI Group)
Call Date: 2025-12-15
Duration: 00:23:00
Participants: Emily deBettencourt, Douwe Klompstra, Marc Savalle, Todd Chapman

======================================================================

Emily deBettencourt: Hi, mark. Hi, Connor. How are you today? Hi, Emily. I'm
Connor Klompstra: Good, how are you?
Emily deBettencourt: Doing well, thanks. All right. Is Todd gonna join us and
msavalle: Yeah. Yeah. Hey, Emily. Yeah, Todd should be joining us. Any second though, I think he's just hopping on.
msavalle: There
Emily deBettencourt: And then what about Chris? I thought there was
msavalle: That was Connor yeah. I did the email I sent you the SQL. I'm sure that was for Connor.
Emily deBettencourt: Got it. Okay. Yeah, I think that was my fault. Let me just check my notes here. Connor I don't know why I said, Chris.
Emily deBettencourt: Now, I'm rereading this email and I have no idea why I said Chris. That's funny. Sorry about that. That's my husband's name. So maybe I was just thinking Chris even though it said Connor. But anyway, Connor to meet you mark. Great to meet you. Todd great to meet you. I'm excited to chat with you guys today.
Emily deBettencourt: All right. If this is the group, we can go ahead and get started. I'll just introduce myself. My name is Emily. I'll be your dedicated customer success manager here at PreVeil. So what that means is I'll be your primary point of contact moving forward. I know you've been working with Craig throughout the sales process and he's great, but you don't ever have to talk to Craig again.
Emily deBettencourt: You just got me moving forward. But we've got some great teams here at PreVeil internally to help you with everything. So we have a technical support team that's gonna help with certain pieces of this. And then we have a compliance team that's gonna help with other pieces at this. And I know you're also working with ignite as well, right?
Emily deBettencourt: Yes. Correct. Okay. Great. So okay, good. So so moving forward, feel free to reach out to me if there's anything you need PreVeil related, whether it's 10 related to your subscription or your contract. How do I how should I those type of questions? the most immediate next step though, is gonna be getting your onboarding set up with our support team. So that technical support team. They're gonna walk you through the actual set up a PreVeil get your org created all of that. The email that was sent to you. The welcome email also has instructions for self on boarding if you want to take that route or if you want to get started. And then also schedule support for additional guidance. So just before I jump into anything else, have you guys started that process or scheduled with our support team by chance?
Emily deBettencourt: No, no.
msavalle: Okay. I was just saying, no, we haven't scheduled anything yet with the support team we were waiting to today for the onboarding and take it from here.
Emily deBettencourt: Yeah. I like to just throw that out there because sometimes people show up to this call. Thinking today's day, we're gonna set everything up and get on boarded. This is just a quick introductory call. So that I can kind of walk you through the lay of the land here. So we're gonna go through a few more things. But before I keep talking, I'm gonna pass it over to you because I want to hear from each of you a little bit more about a little bit more about yourselves and your roles with this project and what stood out to about PreVeil. So mark if you wouldn't mind kicking us off
msavalle: Yeah. We as a team have worked with Egnyte for I believe, just a little over 2 years now. And we're hoping to get cms certified by this year and the platform that we were introduced to by Craig. For PreVeil, really seems across all the check, all the boxes for the requirements we need to get this certification and just we finally got through the approval process. All of us. But I guess it's a little about myself. I've been here for just over 3 years. I started beginning of 22 and I kind of handle most of the security here. And just general. IT work kind of day to day tech support. Okay. Um
msavalle: Yeah. Just a quick little sure.
Emily deBettencourt: Awesome. Todd how about you?
Todd C: Yeah. Like Marc said, we've been pursuing the
Todd C: Roadmap for a little while with ignite and I think we all agree that PreVeil is gonna be a good fit. And then certainly talking to you today and having a dedicated point of contact. Would help us quite a bit. Build out the platform, the way it should be rely on your support team to get us kicked off and moving in the right direction. I've been with for quite a while and extremely fortunate that mark and Connor are not part of the team. But when we were smaller, it was kind of a one man shop and mostly a prototype company. So we didn't do a lot of production and even now we don't do a lot of large volume production, but we do quite a bit of production for air space and in the military and still do automotive too. But we have grown significantly. So we are the team we have here now will probably be in place. I was I've been with full time for 14 years, but with the company as a consultant. Probably just over 35 years, been a long time with the company and seeing it evolve to where it is today. Yeah. Yeah. Just looking forward to working with you guys and continuing to work with mark and Connor and I think I'll probably right off into the sunset 5 to 6 7 years.
Todd C: Pass the torch to mark and Connor. But right now, we do even though I've been there here a long time, we all kind of work at the same level. So we get kind of a unique department. We don't have really any one of us that is responsible for just knowing one thing. We all share knowledge pretty openly.
Emily deBettencourt: Okay. Great. Great. And Connor, how about you? Um
Connor Klompstra: With PreVeil. I'm pretty much Marc and Todd said at all.
Connor Klompstra: Um
Connor Klompstra: In my opinion. And for me, I've been here at for probably, I think, 2 years now.
Emily deBettencourt: Okay. And I just help with most of the
Connor Klompstra: Day to day request from our employees and help with some of the maintenance stuff on the server end and the network end.
Emily deBettencourt: Okay. Awesome. Okay. Good. Well, when it comes to the PreVeil project I assume that the 3 of you will be involved with the technical side of PreVeil. So getting it implemented, getting it rolled out to users. It's an email and drive platform. So it's very straightforward and easy for folks to set up on their own. Once you guys go through that initial onboarding and training session with our admin I'm sorry with our technical support team you as admins will be able to add users and invite the rest of your user group to PreVeil. At that point, they're gonna get an email saying you've been added to PreVeil, click this button to kind of continue the setup and I find that most people don't really need additional user training after that. We've got some videos I can share with you. And so
Emily deBettencourt: As a suggestion I would say email everyone who you're gonna add first and just say hey, we bought PreVeil. We bought it for this reason. Here's what it is. I'm gonna add you as a user. So keep an eye out for an email, right? And then maybe attach those videos that provide some some context. And that's really all people will need I also have an enterprise user guide, you can attach and then we've got a great knowledge base on our website that they can navigate. Of course, we're happy to do a live user training session. Just let me know if that's something you ultimately want but step one is gonna be scheduling that onboarding and training session with our support team. All 3 of you should join that. It's gonna be one hour long. They're gonna really go into all of the details of the system. So how to do everything, how to set everything up and kind of walk you through the drive side of things and the email side of things. In addition to that let's see. Here.
Emily deBettencourt: So, okay. I was just checking your subscription to see if you had our compliance accelerator, but it doesn't look like you have that program. So really, all you're gonna do is go through the technical training with our support team after that start adding users. And then like I said, my recommendation is to email those folks in advance, letting them know, giving them sort of a heads up. So I'll share some resources with you the videos, I mentioned a link to our knowledge base and the enterprise user guide. So you have that on hand. There's a link in my email to schedule with our support team. I'll resend that to you. They're gonna know that we spoke already that you've been introduced to me. And I'll follow up once you complete your onboarding session and then that's pretty much it's really straightforward. So we'll stay in touch. I would love to get a check in on the calendar for us for 90 days. If you don't mind, I'm gonna set something up in advance and then as we get closer. I'll confirm that with you and make sure the date still works. But I like to put that touch point on the calendar now just to make sure it happens. That's kind of it. So. I'm your primary point of contact. You can always reach out to support. You're gonna get to know them well on your on boarding session. And then we do have an in house compliance team too.
Emily deBettencourt: If at any point you feel like you need assistance with your compliance journey, just let us know. And we can help you on that side of things as well.
Emily deBettencourt: Do you guys have any questions for me?
Todd C: Not not that I can think about kind of curious about the compliance accelerator.
Emily deBettencourt: Yeah. You
Todd C: Mentioned, maybe you could send us or talk about it just a little bit or send us information.
Emily deBettencourt: Just you info, but if you want, I can kind of show it to you right now too.
msavalle: Yeah. Yeah. So exciting.
Emily deBettencourt: Okay. Let me pull that up it. I was actually surprised when I saw you didn't have it. Most of our customers are purchasing that at the time of their licenses now. Because 99% of our customers are purchasing PreVeil to achieve cms level 2 compliance. And they either haven't started or they don't know where to start or they kind of got started, but they need some guidance and they're figuring it out, right? this something that we developed in house at PreVeil. It's called the compliance accelerator, our compliance team put this together and it's a step by step program. So it's 10 steps to compliance to achieving compliance. That's kind of how we've branded it. But what it actually is it's a space for you to log in on a learning management platform. You can watch all of this great video content. We break down every single piece of cms nest 800 one, 70 one, we even provide documentation. So full documentation set that you're gonna have to create for your own organization. So there's an SP. There's podium templates there are. SOPs artifacts and evidence. So this is all stuff you're gonna have to put together before your assessment.
Emily deBettencourt: And what we've done is we created a fictional company and we put together the whole package for this fictional company using PreVeil. And we've turned it around and given it to our customers so that they can essentially
Emily deBettencourt: Re purpose it for themselves, right? It's not like we've done all of the work because you do have to go through it and make sure it's accurate for your company and then make it your own. But it's a lot of the work and you've got a couple of options, you can pay an outside consultant to do all of this for you can try to do it your own and google it and figure it out. Or you can what we found is that a lot of our customers are loving that they can kind of just buy this and then use it. And completely optional. You can certainly do SMS on your own, but our customers are loving this. We realized that everyone was purchasing PreVeil to achieve this compliance and didn't really know where to start. So we hired a compliance team and we had them do this because we want our customers to be successful. And as of today, we've got over 50 customers who've gone through their assessment using our documentation and received a perfect score. So it's gone really well. We even had an assessor A C 3 PO give it their blessing. And yeah, we're really proud of it. Our customers love it's of course an add on, but let me just show you what it would look like if you purchase this. And then
Emily deBettencourt: Got access to it. Let me pull this up here and I'm gonna go into
Emily deBettencourt: The learner view. And then let me share my screen.
Emily deBettencourt: Okay. Can you guys see that?
Todd C: Yep. We can
Emily deBettencourt: Okay. If you were to get access to this, I would set you up. It's separate from obviously the PreVeil email and drive system. This is a learning management platform where we host this content. You would be able to log in here. Watch all of the video content that I'd mentioned. Like I said, we try to break it down into 10 easy steps. Kind of starting with scoping your boundary. That's the most important thing and then beginning to familiarize yourself with this 800 one, 71 and cms allowing you to conduct a self assessment. So instructions on how to do that. What's a podium? How to create one how to address it, documentation, this is the meat and potatoes of this program, right? Everyone wants that documentation set that I outlined. That includes the SP. This is a 110 page document. So kind of hard to throw it together on your own although you can or you can use your own network and try to figure it out with the help of others or you can pay a consultant. To do it for you. And then you've got the full assessment documentation package here that you can download all, this is editable. So yeah. Really great stuff.
Emily deBettencourt: Going back, you can do updates. You can give yourself a readiness assessment, give yourself a gap assessment and then give yourself a final assessment or make sure you're prepared for all of this, of course. PreVeil is not gonna be the organization that assesses you. We can't do that, but we have a great network of C 3 Pao that we've partnered with, who most of our customers use. And we can pair you with one who's in Michigan or nearby that we think would be great. They've used PreVeil, they've helped other PreVeil customers and then you would contract with them for the actual assessment.
Todd C: Interesting. That looks like a lot of information. How do you license something like that or is that a is that something that your customers keep as part of the platform?
Todd C: Or do they just use it until they're done with it, I guess?
Emily deBettencourt: Great question. So the way it works is you would agree to add it to your subscription, right? And um, it's a minimum 12 months to start. And then you would have access to it for 12 months. And I could give all 3 of you access or your entire team, right? You would each have your own login. And then from there at renewal time you would decide if you want to continue with it. So the good thing about this program is it's living and breathing, right? Our compliance team is constantly updating things as CC changes as those rules change. As that entire landscape progresses. So they're looking at this stuff daily. This is their full time job they're doing cms day in and day out and talking to other people who are working on their programs. So they're keeping everything up to date. So you're working with the latest and greatest information in the latest and greatest documentation that's gonna pass an assessment. Um
Emily deBettencourt: You can finish it in the first year and then decide, hey, I don't need this because I use it and I went through an assessment and we got a 1 10 and we're good. I have actually I had my first customer that went through an assessment passed with a wanton. That's for 3 years. So they
Emily deBettencourt: They did this 3 years ago, they were early adopters and they just now came up on their renewal for cms and they purchased it again because they wanted to make sure that the latest stuff as they prepare for their next assessment. So you do have to redo this every 3 years. And it's kind of up to you if you want to keep it and like make those updates as things change. Or if you want to cancel it and then add it in 3 year, it's sort of up to you how you want to use it. But most of my customers use it as an add on to their license subscription and try to just keep up with things so that it doesn't get away from them. Yeah.
Todd C: Okay. Thank you for that.
Emily deBettencourt: Yeah. And I can send you the pricing. It's not terribly expensive. I mean, it's a great deal. It's much less than you'll pay an outside consultant. The perk of having an outside consultant is that you started to just hand them all your stuff and say do this for me, right? But that's gonna be extremely expensive and then you have to pay for your assessment on top of that. This is like the DIY version, but we like to think it's pretty user friendly and pretty easy to navigate. So people are loving it. I'll send you info. Totally add added if you feel like it's something you want, it's optional. Totally optional. So, yeah.
Todd C: Thank you, of course.
Emily deBettencourt: What other questions can I answer for you guys?
msavalle: For the support meeting with them to get kind of introduced to PreVeil. Did they will they be contacting us to set up a time or should we schedule something in the previous email you sent?
Emily deBettencourt: I would schedule something yeah. They'll contact you once you're scheduled. So they'll see that you booked a slot with them. And then they'll send you their own a little welcome. Here's how to prep for the call kind of email. So
msavalle: Okay. Yeah, I'm looking at the email you sent us last week and I think there's just a hyperlink right in there, right?
Emily deBettencourt: Yeah, there should be. Okay.
msavalle: Yeah, I'll get something scheduled. I know right now with Christmas next week. Is there like, do they is there still time to schedule next week or 2 or is new years better for them?
Emily deBettencourt: Totally up to you on timing, but they should have some availability. Let's just check. I can look at the link. Okay.
msavalle: Yeah, I just pulled it up here. Um
Emily deBettencourt: We do it as a company to close that week between new years and Christmas. But usually support stays open and sales stays open. However, yeah, it looks like they've got plenty of availability. You could even schedule Thursday this week or like Monday next week. Okay.
msavalle: Yeah. I'll talk with with Todd and Connor, we'll figure out a date that works for us. I know we have some time off to among us, so. Okay. We'll try to get all 3 of us on at once. So that way we can kind of all be on the same page and we'll take it from there with the support team.
Emily deBettencourt: Okay. Great. Awesome. I look forward to working with you guys. Like I said, I'm gonna send you some helpful resources after this call and then I'll follow up with you after your onboarding session as well. Okay. All right.
msavalle: Sorry, are you going
Emily deBettencourt: No, I'm all set. Yeah. Are you guys are in Michigan, right? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Great. What part?
msavalle: We're in sterling heights. Maybe a half hour North of Detroit area.
Emily deBettencourt: Yeah. Yeah. I know my family lives in Michigan. So okay. Usually some are there? Yeah.
msavalle: Right now, it's not fun.
Emily deBettencourt: Yeah. We had a great.
msavalle: Summers are amazing the winter, especially like the January Christmas time. It's tough.
Emily deBettencourt: I know we're in Phoenix. So for us. It's great to leave during the summer and go see my parents and grandparents and everything. So kids, love it and then we can escape the heat when we
msavalle: Oh, yeah. That sounds good. Yeah. We had that weather here, but at least we get a little bit of everything.
Emily deBettencourt: Yeah. You guys do get all the seasons we get hot and then less hot, but it is. Right now. It's beautiful right now. So yeah.
Emily deBettencourt: All right. Have a great day guys.
msavalle: Yeah, you too. Nice to
Emily deBettencourt: Meet you. Thank you very much. Bye now. Bye. Bye.