Account: University Technical Services
Call Date: 2026-01-08
Duration: 01:24:05
Participants: Zackary Gilman, Ryan Dennis, Noelani Clark, Natalie Kern

======================================================================

Ryan Dennis: So
Noelani Clark: How are you today? Natalie I'm
Ryan Dennis: Good. Hi, how Natalie are you? Nice to meet you. Good. Well, thank you. All right. Hi, so Ryan yeah. This I'm is just going to be both of you joining me on the call. Is there anyone else?
Noelani Clark: No, just us too.
Ryan Dennis: Okay. Perfect. Yeah, let's just see here. And are you on the laptop that you created the organization on by chance?
Noelani Clark: Yes. Okay. Perfect.
Ryan Dennis: Is it okay if you share your primary desktop screen for me or share out the screen that you have there? just so that way I can walk you both through the application and how to use it here for the presentation.
Ryan Dennis: Right. Awesome. And I'm sorry, could you do the full desktop screen if you don't mind where it shows like your task bar and like, the network settings in the bottom right hand corner? it looks like it's just the web browser.
Noelani Clark: I have no idea how to be then actually.
Ryan Dennis: Is it okay. I just stopped your share real quick. And then you
Noelani Clark: Say, yes.
Ryan Dennis: And then if you do the share button again it should be the entire entire screen option. And then once you choose that, it would be the share the blue share button.
Noelani Clark: Entire screen like that. Yes, please.
Noelani Clark: That better.
Ryan Dennis: Perfect. Yeah, that's exactly what I needed. It and have a lot. We'll talk about too. Thank you both very much. And let me just check the
Ryan Dennis: Okay. Perfect. Yeah, uh, we do have it looks like the zoom a notetaker in the reporting already started here. So we're gonna cover a bunch of topics here for the PreVeil application within our timeframe here. So I'll be moving pretty steadily to cover those topics here, but with the reporting and also the zoom notetaker. Don't feel any pressure to try to remember everything we're talking about. It is a lot of information to process here and everything that we are discussing day 2 can also be found in our knowledge space to reference. And to formally introduce you to to to myself here. My name is Ryan Dennis and I'm with the PreVeil Technical support team. This is just going to be an introduction here at a high level to PreVeil. And my team handles the support queries as well as these customer onboarding, just to ensure that you're set up for success with the application. For the training session today, we're going to cover the application in 2 different parts of the first. Part is going to be the admin consult here, which is your organization settings and configurations. And then in the second part of the presentation here we're going to cover drive which is your file storage and sharing system in the mail. Ten, there's not really a lot to discuss here. It's very similar to gmail or outlook use either of those and then some options to the system. How to open tickets with my team and access our knowledge base, if you need to reference back to anything today.
Ryan Dennis: And before we really get started for the actual like session here, would you prefer if I request more control to drive the meeting or would you like me to verbally guide you through the application? I'm having to do either whichever you prefer.
Noelani Clark: If you can do the remote version that I think that'd be helpful. Okay.
Ryan Dennis: Yeah, for sure. I can definitely request remote control here. Let me just send that over on it.
Ryan Dennis: And you should see that here.
Ryan Dennis: Sorry, one second.
Ryan Dennis: Send that over. And if you don't mind sending
Ryan Dennis: Hmm.
Ryan Dennis: Perfect. Thank you. I do have access to and then yeah. Before we get started with PreVeil here, I just wanted to get an idea of how you really plan on using the application. Are you gonna be using drive or mail or kind of a combination of both for your operations and workflow?
Noelani Clark: So a combination of both. And we'll be the 2 admins that will put everybody in the system. It's really not that many people. It's like, I think 13 of us total. But I did have a question before we even get into it. Because the reason I hadn't signed up yet was a little on purpose. I need to upgrade my windows. I have windows, home, windows, 11 home and I need to upgrade it to windows 11 pro. Because actually everybody needs windows, 11 pro for cms compliance. We have a list of people that need to upgrade and we're about to purchase the upgrade. It's not that expensive, but will that if I sign up and download it to
Noelani Clark: Window. My current windows, 11 home. And then I go and upgrade to windows 11 pro. Will it still work? Do I need to re download it? Is that like using a license? I just I didn't want to do it and then it messed something up.
Ryan Dennis: Oh, yeah, of course. No, no, for sure. Valid valid concern. To answer your question there with the upgrade, I would recommend upgrading to windows 11 pro first for you, create your account and install. Because what happens is the application itself uses a private user encryption key to access your data in the storage container here. And that's locally stored on your. So that's what you what the application kind of reads for access to encrypt and decry your data. Like if you make a change to your windows user profile or your operating system changes for any reason like that that can actually cause you to lose access to the application too. So I would recommend just waiting until you upgrade the pro 11 pro
Noelani Clark: I'm glad I asked. Okay. Cool.
Ryan Dennis: No. And yes. And same for your other users to I recommend having them upgrade first and then have them installed and then create their accounts just to prevent that from happening. But there there there are a couple of like, recovery methods available to you to within PreVeil, which we'll discuss in the section. But definitely it is a good the application is a little unique in that regard where you access it through that in that. So we'll run through kind of the recovery methods and how that works in in the approved section here.
Ryan Dennis: But as far as PreVeil itself goes, it is an end to end encryption system. So everything you do here is encrypted. And like I said, it uses that encryption key for access to decry and encrypt your data here. And in the first section here or the first setting, we're gonna cover today, is this admin console tab here? and as an admin user role you have the ability to change your organization, settings and users from here. But the difference between the standard user role and the admin user is the standard users will only be able to see mail and drive here. They won't be able to see this admin tab here at the top just so that way they can't make changes to your settings as well. And here in the user section, this is where you can add users and or manage users and set account cover groups. Which we'll talk about here in this section to add a user to your organization, which is awesome you guys already had, so you click on this add users button here. And then in this window here, that appears the first 3 fields, the email and sorry, the email address and the first and last thing fields. These are not editable after you send the account invitation out to that user, just to prevent any form of accounts for security purposes. To double check for any type of here before you send that out to the user. As far as the department field goes here, this is more of just like a metadata reference tag for you. Just so that kind of like that role of the user in your organization, it doesn't affect their actual like, permissions for the application. But this can be set to your preference at any time.
Ryan Dennis: So you can put like admin it operations whichever here. That's you can change that at any time. And that's your preference. So what will happen is after you enter this information in and click create an account if that user doesn't have a PreVeil account associated with their email address already the invitation that you sent out is gonna expire after 4 weeks. And that user will receive an email to their regular mailbox from PreVeil admin. And the subject line is gonna say your IT administrator has invited you to join PreVeil in that email that they receive. There it's gonna have 2 different links. The first link is a step one link to install PreVeil on the device. So that would be the desk of the client version. And then after they install PreVeil they'll have to return back to that email. To click on the second step 2 link. And so step two, what that does in the email link, it creates the user's account and on that device. And then it also accepts the invitation to join University, Technical, Services uh as the organization here that's our 2 purposes in one link. But if the user already had a PreVeil express or PreVeil account before with their email address, they'll receive that email invitation to their PreVeil mailbox here. They would have to log in to say either PreVeil express or the full written here if they were a user before to accept that invitation to join. And then once they accept that invitation their existing account will be some into your organization. So that way they can be part of the University. Technical Services here.
Ryan Dennis: And if I go ahead and click on the cancel button here, if you'll notice next to your user names here in the row entries you'll see this person icon here. So this blue person icon means that no one is a full fully joined user is part of your organization. So she's almost able to have a recovery signer or a username. And also she can be part of a program as well. This gray gray icon just means that you're still pending in status Natalie. So once you accept that invitation to join and create your account for PreVeil this is gonna flip over from gray to blue, just so that way you have an indication that you're a fully joined user. Here are the users. And if I go ahead and click on I'll just click on the lanes account here just since she's a fully joined user. It's gonna open up her account details here. And like I said, you can't edit the name or email address fields. But you can change the user's role and department field here. So if you were fully joined Natalie and had this blue person icon and we selected your username here. There would be a dropdown here for standard and admin user role that you can change between the 2. So you initially start off as a standard user. So when you if you wanted to be upgraded to admin no one would have to click into your account details here and then change your role from a standard. And so that way you have access to. And then if you do want if you did have an unapproved group set up here in a proto groups, you could also assign the recovery group to this username through this menu here as well. But you can also do a bulk set setup of the recovery groups by selecting the Box here and then clicking on those 2 person icon.
Ryan Dennis: And then you can add a recovery group to each of your names in this list here to using that. If I come to the devices tab here, this is gonna show all the devices that no one currently has active as part of the organization and her username here. And as you can see, there are 2 different devices here as active in status. Now, if I click on the 3 domain to the right of the you see here, it's gonna present me with 2 different options, right? This top this lock option here is a temporary lock of the private key on that PC. So say that got lost or stolen for any reason? you as an admin user can come here to that user's device to lock it for access. So that way no one can gain access to the data for PreVeil within that device. If they were able to get access though to the actual PC and then the username, they still could open up certain applications, but PreVeil access would be denied. So they can send you and if you're able to recover that PC after the fact that you can go back here to unlike the devices access. So that way you can regain access to the application. But the delete option here. What that'll do is it's going to fully delete the device and it's data from the organization. So in order to access PreVeil into it you do have to have your private key recovered back onto the device to see what's going on. That's pretty much the user list here at a high level. Did you have any questions before you want to go?
Noelani Clark: To the only question that comes to mind. If you delete a device. Someone's computer say somebody gets a new computer. Yeah. And you delete like, Noelani got a new computer. So we deleted her old computer and wanted to start using it on her new computer. How would that work? Would all of her stuff go away? Or
Ryan Dennis: So so if you wanted to replace a device, what you'd want to do first is you would want to recover your private key onto the new device and that can be done through a couple of different methods, which we'll talk about here in the group section. But I would recommend doing that first before you like say blow away the old PC or any or you know, delete any of the data off of it. And then after you recover it onto the new device, then I would recommend doing the delete here. Because then what that'll do is it'll delete the private key on that device and also the data that's associated with it. So anything that's stored locally on the hard drive for PreVeil and the local drive directory will be deleted. But that won't affect the cloud storage. So like, anything that's synced up and uploaded into the cloud here in the web browser will remain for her new computer. So she can then sync it down to her other devices that she's replacement. That's how that works.
Noelani Clark: Gotcha. Okay.
Ryan Dennis: Yeah. So that is the user's list here. And then if you go to here this is a pretty extensive section. So I'll take a brief pause for questions here too. But an informed group in PreVeil is a set of users who come together about on horizon operation. And the purpose of this group is to decentralized trust and removing points of failure. In order to actually create any of these, you do have to have 3 fully joined users here as part of the user's list. And you can include as many users as you'd like in these approved groups whether they're standard or admin or kind of a combination of the 2. But you do need at least 3 to create these programs and then at least 2 out of those 3 2 at a minimum to 290 activities. And like I said, you can have all standard users, all admin users or kind of combination. It doesn't necessarily have to be on all all. And if you come to the assigned tab here these are the different activities. You can assign these approval groups too. We do recommend having different approval groups for the different activities here just for separation of roles. But even if it's the same users, just so that way it's in case you needed to change an assignment, it won't affect another activity as well. I'll start with this admin management group here. And basically this one, this is the only activity that does require 3 admins at a minimum to be assigned to the approved group. And that way it can be assigned here. This isn't a requirement for SMS or anything. This is just an extra layer of security for you.
Ryan Dennis: If you didn't decide to assign the approve group to it this can be remained left UN assigned though. But basically, the way that this works is it locks down the admin concept for any admin related activities. Like adding related users or changing user privileges, you would need approval from another admin or 2 admin spending to determine for the minimum in order to push the changes. Like I said, this is more of an extra security if you need it down the line, but it's not a refinement the data export activity here. I'll get into more depth about this once we get to this data export section. But this activity within the approval section can allows you as an admin user to download a decry to copy of your organization's data. And this approval can consist of any 3 users standard or admin, but only an admin user can initiate the data export process from the admin console. And then certainly not least in this list is the account recovery group. So account recovery and PreVeil is vitally important. Because as I mentioned earlier you access to the application that locally stored private encryption key on your device. So some scenarios where you can lose access to this key include your device is hard drag dying, your devices getting lost or stolen or on your on reading system getting image. I just want to emphasize that we don't store your private key on our backend servers just for security purposes, protect your data. We can't recover that key for you. But there are 3 recovery methods available to you within the application.
Ryan Dennis: The primary most reliable way to recover account here is through the account recovery. Good. And basically what happens when you assign one to a username is it makes a copy of that user's private key and then it shares the key to separated among the members of that account recovery. So when that user goes to recover their account, each member of that recovery group is going to go through a real time process with that user to approve the recovery. And once you get that minimum number of members to approve it whether it's 2 three, however many you have set as the minimum depending on how many members you have, it's gonna send their key charts to that user's device to reconstruct key for this. And the other 2 methods, the secondary form of recovery and PreVeil is having PreVeil activated on the secondary device. So since no one has it on her, she does have a recovery method in addition to the third one, which we'll talk about here in a second. If we can actually copy her private key from her existing secondary device, which would be the iPhone if say like, she lost access on our PC here to recover her account in the PC. So there's a process within the application that allows you to copy that key data over to recovery account from the other devices. You can also devices that way and also through the account over to if you need to replace. And then the third method, which I consider, kind of a stop gap until you get the recovery group setup is having that pdf file the account, recovery, pdf file created and that's that pdf file that you're prompted to create when you first log into the application.
Ryan Dennis: What that does is it generates a secret key to recover a static version of your private key. And the reason I say it's kind of the stock app method is because when you assign an account coverage to one of your users that username is or sorry, that user's private key. Charts that are copied to those account coverage members. It continues to update its version over time for security reasons. So eventually that static version of the key and the pdf file updated. But it is good to have in place until you get the recover set up here. I don't know and to really throw out you both there, but did did you have any questions at all on the progress for
Ryan Dennis: And in the follow up, I'll send you instructions on how to recover accounts with the recovery group and also through the key data. We actually do have a video too for recovering account recovery because it is a little extensive. But once you do it a couple of times it's a fairly simple process. After going through, right?
Noelani Clark: So is account recovery is that for like, when someone forgets their password or something or
Ryan Dennis: So so so with the application, you don't actually thankfully use a username or password to access PreVeil here. I use that key on your computer there. So say like, someone had made a change to their computer or something happened to their computer and they need to replace their account or recover their account into it. You can use those methods to have them regain access to that key, essentially.
Ryan Dennis: That's how the recovery group goes. I'm sorry, you have a question?
Noelani Clark: And then for the admin management, how I think they explained it where part of you have to have at least 2 admins because another admin has to approve things that are happening, but you're saying that's not necessarily a requirement or
Ryan Dennis: Yes. That's correct. Yeah. This isn't a requirement. This just gives you a metro layers admin security if you wanted to decentralized admin power. But you don't have to have any assignments here. You can leave this one on assigned if because you do need in order to create and assign the approved group to this activity, you do have to have a minimum of 3 admin users or admin licenses in order to assign an improvement to this section here. But like I said, it's not a requirement. This just gives you that like extra layer of security for any admin related activities. Like adding your deleting users, essentially.
Noelani Clark: Gotcha. Okay.
Ryan Dennis: Yeah. This is the approval section. And like I said, in the follow up email that I'll send you both. I'll have instructions for recovering accounts, just so you have reference back. Yeah. Next one down to the navigation bar here is the community option the community. This allows you to control who the numbers of your organization can interact with. If you have this turned off you do now, essentially your organization and its users are open to receiving folder invites or encrypted emails from anyone who has a PreVeil account and vice versa. You can send out to them as well. But if you turn this on, then your users would be restricted to only internally communicating amongst yourselves here in the user's list through PreVeil or through any email addresses and domains that are unlimited to this address list here. So if someone tried to communicate with you or you try to communicate with them and they're not part of this list here, then with this enabled, you'll get an email bounce back in PreVeil mail, just telling you that user doesn't have isn't part of trusted community and have an admin app. That way you can communicate through PreVeil. But this does not affect other regular email channels. So like, if someone's trying to send you something through PreVeil and they can't because trust community is turned on, they'll probably reach out to either phone call or like an email just say hey Natalie hey, no, any I got to bounce back in. PreVeil just say I'm a part of trust. Community community is how this works. So this is really like an allow list for PreVeil to PreVeil communication for your organization. That's how this works.
Ryan Dennis: And if you don't mind, I'm gonna click on the add to address list button here. And in case you do enable this in the future. And also to show you what this looks like as a growing tree, you're gonna end up PreVeil.com as a domain here. Just in case one of our team members need to reach out to you in the future. So we don't get the bounce back. And then I'm on a test you through here so you can see what
Ryan Dennis: So if we did PreVeil.com and test the test.com add the list here, that'll add both of these entries here. And you'll be able to distinguish between the 2 different the domain and a specific email address here by the icon next to it. So a specific email address has a person icon. And then the whole domain has this global icon. So you can tell the difference between the 2. Let me just go ahead and run the test user here.
Ryan Dennis: And
Noelani Clark: So we need to add once we create all the users in our company, we need to then add them to this trusted community.
Ryan Dennis: No. So this is if you wanted to control who people are communicating with outside of your organization. So like, if say this isn't a requirement either this is more of like an extra layer of communication security if you need it. But if you wanted to say have your users only communicate with like certain domains or email addresses, you'd wanna build like a comprehensive list here and then turn this on. But if you wanted to leave it open, so anyone who has PreVeil can communicate with you or you know, you can communicate with them as well. I recommend leaving this off. This is really just to give you more security for data handling and communication in. But this isn't our primary either. You can leave this turned off if you'd like. Okay. And then under user groups here this option is basically these are just internal distribution lists for your organization here. So like they have to be created in valid e mail address format, but you don't have to own the e mail address so you can do something like um
Ryan Dennis: Is you can do something like operations at Services.com as your user group. And that can be used to send emails and share folder invites to multiple people inside of this user's list here using only one group email. So it's really just an internal distribution list for communication PreVeil if you need it and to share folder invites too, if you needed. And then under approval requests here, this is where you can go to see admin level requests like changing a user's account over assignment or subs in an existing prevailing users as well into your organization. So um
Ryan Dennis: Any admin will be able to come here to see that per request and delete it from here if they choose. There's also this history tab here at the top that also records the approvals and denials that have been made here. So you have a record of that, a record and history of that at the admin for any approvals for certain admin level tasks or changes there. And if I come to the settings go here, there is another approval session. So this is tied to. No, any specific usually I'm here. So if I go to this section here the interface changes on the left hand side because this is for a personal settings menu. And this is separate though from the admin console. Because standard users don't have access to the admin console approval request section. So both admin and standard users would have to come here to this section to approve any changes like a data export requests. So for example, if Nolan initiated a data, export request to the admin content here, the other members of the data export approval group would have to come here to this section to approve those approve or deny those that change that you requested. And similar to the admin console, we do have this history tab here at the top, which does record the approvals and denials that have been made through her own username too. So in addition to the admin console approval request history, you have the user name is or 2 for whoever's approved or denied any activities as well. Or changes I should say. That is the approval requests option between both and then, come down the list is activity logs.
Ryan Dennis: So activity logs are just a record of events that occur in the organization here. And we do actually retain all of these records for you indefinitely until you tell us to delete them. So you have a record of events from the beginning of your organization through current day. If I click on this date range here, it'll present me or present us with some pre configured options and the ability to set a custom range. If you wanted to narrow the scope of your logs. If you choose the forever option, that will take you all the way to the beginning of your organization. So like I said, we do have record from the beginning of your organization through current day. And if you wanted to narrow the scope by a certain user you can choose that since one is the only fully joined user here. I'll just choose her from the list. And once you select that user, you want to click on the submit button here and then that will filter down by that particular users entries in the activity. So if you wanted to narrow the scope even further to get more granular. We do have this all dropdown next topic and then you can choose either of these items. Some of these also do have sub topics as well, or actions and you can filter down pretty pretty narrow pretty far for the scope to narrow down, which does lead me to the data export section where you can actually download a copy. So if you need them.
Ryan Dennis: So under data export, this allow again, allows you as an admin user to download a copy of your organization's data that's decry Ted. And that's typically everything that exists in your organization. So for example, if you have an approval group assigned to data export, you would see another interface here where you can select options for the export itself. So for example, you can filter down by a particular user or set of users you want to export data from. You can choose the content type that you want to export, whether it's that users drive data, their mail data, their activity log data or their Al report, and AC is just access control list. That's an access control list report. So that basically just tells you the data that user is sharing and drive what they're sharing with and the permissions and access that they're sharing too. And similar to the activity laws. You can filter down the scope by time frame if you need it. But some common use cases for this feature here in PreVeil or say an employee leaves your company, you can actually export all the data and transfer it over to someone else. Just for ownership transfer. You can use this as an internal mediating tool to check out your activity logs and AR report data. And if you happen to be part of a legal matter and the authorities are for data, you can export the data and send it needed. Any questions applicable for you? But one of the last few a console?
Ryan Dennis: Sorry, I know it's a lot. So thank you for bearing with me on it. But we're almost to the board.
Ryan Dennis: As far as security goes, I'll just briefly touch on this in case it's a need for you all in the future. But basically how PreVeil currently operates is this is a separate purchase product and it does require an it project to get set up. So we would set up a separate encryption server for your organization. And basically the way that PreVeil normally operates is the way you send data to another user from your PreVeil account. The other end user does have to have a PreVeil account as well to see that data. So in order for them to view that if they don't have a PreVeil account already, they'll be invited to create a free one on their side to view the encrypted email or that folder share with them. But if they there might be certain instances where you're trying to communicate with certain like do or do sap members or certain people who are really locked out environments that their policies don't love that free account creation in PreVeil. And this is where the gateway could be useful. So the email that you send from PreVeil would be sent from your inbox in PreVeil to that user's regular mailbox across that encrypted server and it would be encrypted and delivered into that email without them needing that PreVeil account to receive it. And when they respond back to you in that email, it would be encrypted across that server and then delivered back to you directly in PreVeil as well. This is another option available to you in the future. If you do need it your customer success manager would have more information on pricing and how to get this started as well if it becomes a need in the future. And then the last upload in here under general settings, this is where you can set some general admin settings for your organization. The user onboarding option here. What this does with this enable those invitation emails you send out to your users will include an installation link to PreVeil. But if you toggle this off then that installation link would go away. And this is useful to say you have someone managing your software deployments for your devices, you can have them install PreVeil first and then just send out the invitations to your users. They can just create their account versus having to install, but if you don't mind your users individually installing, PreVeil, I'd recommend leaving this on for convenience. So they get the link to the install if needed. The mail time prompts here. This allows users in your organization to add to third party mail clients like gmail and classic outlook. And if you wanted to restrict your users to only use PreVeil here at mail tab, you'd probably want to turn this off. Because then that would remove the ad to mail client option here in the so this would go away if this is it. But with this on the your users can freely add to be able to either gmail or classic outlook depending on what they want to use. The drafting default setting here. What this does with this enabled is when a user goes to accept a folder in a shared folder invite from another user, the default button that will appear for them, it'll say accept with syncing. So what that means is when they accept that shared folder into their drive, it'll automatically sync down to their system. But if you toggle this off, the default button that would appear is accept without syncing. So when that user goes to accept that folder the shared folder invite, it'll only be sent to the cloud storage and then they can choose to sync it down a bulk in their system. So if you anticipate any like, potential storage base issues from someone's sharing, like a large amount of data with your users, I would recommend turning this off just so that way your users can choose to sync down data. But if you don't anticipate that being a problem generally speaking, it's okay to leave that one. That's not. And if you go to device settings here under user device management this option here allows users to add PreVeil to multiple devices on their account. So with this friendly on your users can freely add PreVeil to multiple devices, whether that's a mobile device or another workstation that will with a restriction. But if you toggle this off um it won't remove any existing devices from your current accounts. It'll just prevent users from adding additional ones past their prime. So users can still create their PreVeil accounts on the primary device that they installed on, but they won't be able to add additional device unless you give them an individual exception in the user's tab. So like if you toggle this off to give the user an individual exception, you'd come to the user's tab here, click on their username and then go to the devices tab. And here in this banner there would be a separate toggle switch here. It would say like, user is not allowed to add multiple devices. And when you toggle the switch on then they're given the individual exception. So if you do decide to disable device adding globally for your organization, I would recommend at least giving your admin users like yourself the individual exception, just for account continuity in case, like your device status for any reason, you'd still have the ability to recover your account onto a new device because it will limit prevent people from transferring keys over. To if this is enabled, then they don't have the exception, I should say. Is there a
Noelani Clark: Max amount of devices you can add
Ryan Dennis: No. You can have as many devices as you like. And as far as kind of managing that. Yeah. If you wanted to say have this off and then only give certain people those exceptions if a user needs to replace their device. And this is turned off here. So they don't have the ability to add multiple. What you'd want to do is you want to give them the individual exception and work with them in real time. Then have them install PreVeil on a new device and then the key onto it. Then once they have that all squared away on the new device toggle that switch off for their individual exception and then have them uninstall PreVeil, then you can put the old device, it's problem. That way they can still add and place that device as well. That's kind of like the process there. But if you need to reference back to any of these 2 we do have an office was first setting. So I'll show you to get back in case you need a refresher. But the trust advice section here. What this does is it allows you to manage user devices where they trust rich certificate. We don't have a lot of organizations that use this option, but if you're interested in learning about getting the setup of this question mark icon here, we'll take you to our knowledge base article. I will say has this information available to you as well. This is our confidence pace too. And the last item on this page is the organization device list. So this export button, what this does here is it allows you to download the CSV file your system and that shows all the users were part of your organization and the devices they're currently using.
Ryan Dennis: It'll show the device name, the operating system and the associated user with that device. And this is a great internal auditing tool in case you're concerned about certain people using unauthorized devices. Just so that way you can lock or delete them from the user.
Noelani Clark: Would notified if someone like say adds their PreVeil account to like a third device other than their laptop or their phone?
Ryan Dennis: No. So there isn't a notification for that because that's handled by like each user key or username. But but to manage that if you're ever concerned about that, you can always hit this export button and it'll download that CSV file here and just to show you what it looks like here. Um
Ryan Dennis: It'll just show like all the devices that you have. So like this device ID column to just so you're where it's not a sensitive a Mac address or serial number. This is just set by our database back end for just to know what that device is. Okay. Yeah. This is this shows like that you have 2 devices here. And if you noticed, you're like, hey I didn't authorize Jim to had an iPhone. Then you want to go to his account and then check that over just to make sure that he didn't add like an auto like, gate. And then as far as limiting that though, I would recommend turning this off and then just giving the individual exception, certain users.
Ryan Dennis: And then the final setting here is cloud log settings. So here's where you can set permissions for users to sync their drive content down from the storage to their local drive directory in file export here. And it'll also allow users to sync files from their local file explorer back up into the file storage as well. But if you with this is currently turned off, but if you toggle this switch on here, what that means is all file and folder interactions in PreVeil will occur only in the cloud service. So everything that you want to do an available occur only in the my browser face here and you won't be able to sync down to your fonts or local file system. But there would be another section here called user sync permissions where you can set exceptions for certain users to say locally if needed as well. But as far as kind of how you wanted to handle data for your organization here, did you want to limit everything to the cloud storage or did you want to allow your users to sync locally?
Noelani Clark: Go about that. So I have a question about if they do sync it locally, of course.
Noelani Clark: In my head, when you say sync locally, I'm thinking of how like Microsoft has a one drive, right? Yeah. And but it would say PreVeil drive in, can I use
Noelani Clark: Like down in here.
Ryan Dennis: Yes, the us. So I think
Noelani Clark: This would be me, but PreVeil drive, right?
Ryan Dennis: Exactly. So
Ryan Dennis: Yeah. If we if you scroll down here this is her local PreVeil drive directory. So yeah. So anything that's in here is in is stored in PreVeil. So this is in your seed drive. So as long as you have which it looks like you do have a bit locker enabled. This will that'll protect any synced items down to your system at risk. Like it'll encrypt the hard drive. Because when you sync any items from your cloud storage down to your local hard drive those are undecided copies of your storage. Like your application can work with the data. It's like you sit down a word document for instance, right? That'll allow Microsoft word to open the document from this local drive director here. And in addition, though, too, if depending on the file types that you work with, like office documents or pdf files mainly like, you can also restrict this to just the cloud by turning this on. And then we do have another feature called cloud edit within PreVeil that allows you to use the handler we get from Microsoft for free to open some supported file types for editing monthly. So like, if you turn this on and you wanted to say edit a Microsoft word document from your cloud storage unit, you can use cloud edit to open it locally in Microsoft work. So what that does is it generates a temporary file session in your updated folder and then it will open up Microsoft word with that document so you can like, make your edits and then save your changes.
Ryan Dennis: And then as soon as you close out, Microsoft word, it'll save those changes you made to the document back up into your cloud storage here and then delete the temporary file session in your updated folder. So it never resides on your system too. So that is another option available to you as well. If you did want to restrict it to only the cloud to have more potential over your data as well. But that's the really depending on how you want to set up your workflow for PreVeil too.
Noelani Clark: So my only question would be is the PreVeil drive that would be on people's computer, still considered CC compliant.
Ryan Dennis: Yes. Because it should be within the as long as bit locker is enabled or file vaults enabled on those devices to protect the hard drive at rest as normal industry practice, anyways. That would still be within compliance as well.
Noelani Clark: Okay. Then I then ideally I'd like to people to be able to use their PreVeil drive almost like a one drive is what we plan to kind of implement for
Noelani Clark: Just simplicity. I know myself, I like I don't want to be working off of an internet browser all the time. I can't stand working off of like, Microsoft via internet browser or I would rather it be in in the real app and of course
Ryan Dennis: To my I definitely understand that too. I'm the same way too. I'd rather have the physical like, on my device too. And in the coming months here too. The way that we do file syncing and like, drive down to your local system. It is gonna change here in the coming months. We do have another like kind of method of drive making it locally available that's coming out of it's called cloud drive. So that will be in a different version that's coming up here in probably in the next like 2 to 3 months or we're gonna be implementing a different way of working with too. So the demonstration that I'm gonna show you for driving, it will be different in the coming months. But that is gonna be an announcement. We're gonna make here once that is implemented for a new version and that'll work similar to one drive. So instead of having the sync down items locally to your car drive, it'll just be kind of like a points or folder, like one drive is and then you can you can choose to open that document from your work directly on your system and then hydrated down and then hide it back. So it'll work a little bit more more closely to one drive versus the current sync. So like, the way that file sync works at the moment is you download a copy of that data to your system and then you can open it to and then and such like that. But then anything that you make changes to within here will also sync up into your storage. Because of these we call them sinker as well. But like I said that is going to change your income. But the way that I'll demonstrate here is how we currently operate in the current version. But did you have any other questions about the AMA console here? And I know that was a lot to go through here and it's pretty boring. So definitely want to set this up a little bit with driving me.
Noelani Clark: No, I think it's all pretty makes sense.
Ryan Dennis: Aweme. Yeah, we'll head over to drive here. And as far as drive goes, this is your file storage and that system and it's similar to one driving concept, but the main difference here is anything you upload. The drive is encrypted in transmission and at rest here in the file. And it's also encrypted with your private key data. So that's the only key that can be used to decry your storage container. And if I start from the like banner here on the left this download files button if you have access to a shared folder. And you wanted to get a file out of it, but not affect other users who are part of the shared. Say you wanted to make make a copy of that document and then make some edits and then save it to your own private drive. You can download that file out of the shared folder to what we call the PreVeil downloads folder. And that gets generated here in a storage. And then if you wanted to make that locally available to your system, you can then sync down the preVeil downloads for your system, which I'll demonstrate how syncing works as well and coming up here too. So that is the download files feature. This doesn't download it directly to your system from the web, just. So you are this just download it from a shared folder to like, a cloud storage location. Within here the start status button. What this does is it allows you to add a favorite a folder or file to your start section on the left there. Basically the favorite google drive.
Ryan Dennis: And if it's added to the start section here, you'll be able to see that file or folder just for ease of access and convenience instead of having to dig through your folder structure here or search for it in the drive search box here as well. This button allows you to move selected items between your folder collections. This button allows you to delete selected items. This sync button here is your selective sync. So this allows you to determine which files and folders you want to sync locally down to your system. And I'll show you how that works. Because you can also sync sub folders from a structure down without having to sync the entire structure to just to save storage space on your hard. This watch selected items button. What this does is it allows you to monitor specified shared folders or files for any changes made to them. And this is a great collaboration feature in PreVeil. So like, if you're waiting on someone to edit a document or make it or upload a file folder, for instance, you can watch that shared file or folder. For any changes made to them. And if I come to the watch section here, this is where you can go to see those recent changes made to those items. And if you wanted to actually be notified about those changes, you can choose an email email here in the upper right hand corner. And what that'll do is it'll send you an email notification to your regular mailbox. Just telling you that you have some recent changes made your launch items. There's gonna be no details about the changes. It'll just prompt you to open this section here, see what's going on and once you've done watching those items
Ryan Dennis: If you wanted to stop receiving notifications for a certain file or folder, you can come to this watched items tab and then choose to UN watch that file or folder. You stop perceiving those notifications for that file. And if you come back to my PreVeil here, the last couple of buttons, this upload files button. What this does is it allows you to upload files directly from your local file system or file export into the cloud storage directly here. So you can choose multiple files per upload up to 5 gigabytes per using this feature here. And then this button here allows you to create a new folder. That's private to you in your collection here or your drive, I should say. And just for the demonstration here, I'll go ahead and click on this and we'll just call this folder test. And I can either hit enter on my keyboard or click on this check mark button to create that folder. And now that we've created it it's a private folder to you here. And you can tell whether or not it's syncing down new system by the folder icon. So if you hover over it'll say folder synced or not synced. And a sync folder will have this brain down or a button next to the folder. So you can tell that is a sync folder. If it's not synced folder or an UN synced folder, it'll just have the blue folder by itself there and to demonstrate the selective syncing is gonna go into the test folder here and create a couple of subs to show you the structure. So one and sub 2.
Ryan Dennis: And then if I go back to the root folder here using the spread com, I can check the box next to test and then hit the sync button. So and that'll open up the sync PreVeil folders window. Now, if I wanted to expand the folder hierarchy for test, I can click on this right facing arrow here. And then now I can see the sub on a sub 2 so the this selective syncing feature. What this does is it allows you to determine those folders. You want to sync down to your system. So say you have a large amount of data in this test folder 200 gigabytes or larger than that, you don't want to sync it down to your system to save storage space. You can actually deselect this top level test folder and then just choose the cell folders to sync down to your system. So that way the contents of these 2 folders are available on your system locally. But the contents of tests will not be avail. So really this allows you to determine which folders you need locally available in your system. If anything but you will still see this top test folder as part of the path. But you don't have any of the contents down, I should say.
Noelani Clark: So for instance, if you click save and went to your file folder, your yellow file folder down on your computer, no. Yeah.
Ryan Dennis: So actually, if I click open and explore it'll have to prompt us to open as well. Oh, okay. Yeah. If if you need a shortcut down to your file store, instead of having to open it here today through this, you can click open and explore wherever you're looking at in in your web browser and it will actually also take you to that location too. So just to demonstrate that as well. Let me go into here and go step 2. So if I click this now, it'll prompt this to flash orange and then open up to that specific location as well in a form so that we don't have to like, navigate between the two, so it sync between both of them as well. Yeah. You'll still see test as the folder name. But you if you were thinking down just these 2 sub folders, you won't have any of the contents of the test folder or any other folders that you didn't select essentially is how that works. You can choose which folder you might sit down your system that way. But let me just I just re change this to sync the ENTIRETY just for the demo here. Let's make sure that's good. Okay. And then once I change that sync job, now, it changes the folder icon to fully synced folder and you should still see both of these sub folders now. I'm gonna just show you how syncing up back into your source words. Just trying to expand that out here for you.
Ryan Dennis: Do this kind of a little hard on zoom here. I'm just gonna create a new text document, just call it test here.
Ryan Dennis: Test. And then as soon as I open this up here, I'm gonna add some data.
Ryan Dennis: Test.
Ryan Dennis: Okay. Now now if I go into the web browser interface here and then go to sub two, you'll see the text document here in your cloud storage. So this is now fully synced in your cloud storage from your file export. And if I open this up here, you should be able to see that test where it's the nice. So so any changes you make to your local drive directory here this PreVeil dash email address folder will reflect in the cloud service. You can also put folders in here. So like if you copy and paste paste the folder structure in here, it would retain hierarchy and then upload it into the drive as well. But they wouldn't recommend putting more than like 5 to 10 gigabytes of data at a time here. Because it can take a while to encrypt the data and then sync it up in search. But if you do need assistance with like, a file migration into PreVeil we're actually also I would recommend scheduling a final migration with us as well. We're happy to assist with moving data. Sets to at no additional charge as part of your Services. But yeah, that's how you sync files down from the cloud storage to your system. And then back up in storage to from your local drive directory. I'm gonna return back to the drive here and then to do file sharing within PreVeil, it does occur at the folder level. So if you wanted to share a specific file with another user in PreVeil you do have to share sorry, create a folder and then share the content out with that user. So since we created this has folder here, I'll just demonstrate how the file sharing works. So to share file folder.
Ryan Dennis: You click on this 3 domino here to the right of the folder and then choose the share option from the context. And now this does occur by email address. So just for the demo, I'll put it on.
Ryan Dennis: And then as soon as I hit enter or tab, you'll see my first and last name or stripe. So that means that I made PreVeil user. So if you send this shared folder invite to my username here. I'll receive that is an invitation email to my PreVeil, Box to accept. But if I put a test user here is I test the test.com. If I hit enter or tab here, you'll see this user appear with just the email address and the gray stripe. So that gray stripe just means that test user does not have a PreVeil account. So if you send this shared folder invite to this test user here, what will happen is they'll receive an email to their regular mailbox, just asking them to create that free PreVeil account on their side outside of your organization in order to view that data for sure. And they'll have to sorry, did you have a question? All
Noelani Clark: Yeah. Once they create that free PreVeil account, one time, they don't have to keep like, creating it, right? It's done.
Ryan Dennis: That's correct. Yeah. So once they already have, have it established. Typically external users tend to opt for. PreVeil express, which is the web based version. So they can log in with a username and password and a 2 factor on their our side. So there's no software needed to be installed for the free version.
Noelani Clark: Um
Ryan Dennis: And then as far as the like the timeframe goes that user has 2 weeks to claim their account to see the data that you're sharing with them. But if they claim their account through that link you sent them outside of that 2 week timeframe, then all you'll have to do is just re share the folder, their new username, essentially. And then they can see the date moving for. And if you share additional items with them after their accounts created it'll just go right to their PreVeil account. So they can see that. No problem.
Noelani Clark: And it'll stay in their PreVeil account for them, but yes.
Ryan Dennis: As long as they accept it on their side, it'll and they have they should have permissions to
Ryan Dennis: See. I'm gonna go ahead and remove the test user here. And if we go through the permissions here that you can grant if you hover over each it'll give you a brief description, but I'll start with view only, which is the safest option here. So this is the most restrictive option that you can give a user. So if you only means that if you share a folder with another PreVeil user with this option, they can only view the data within the web browser here. So there's gonna be no options for that user to sync locally to their system or download the data to the folder out of the outside of the bug browser interface here. The read only option here will allow a user that you're sharing with to sync locally and also download the contents of that test folder. The edit option here will allow a user to sync locally download and edit the contents of that folder that you're sharing with them. And then the edit and share option here. And what that means is basically you're giving them administration rights to the folder. So that user can then share with third parties. They can change permissions with other users who have access to this folder. But if you are the top level folder over here like this the initial one who created the folder itself. They can't change your permission settings since you are the explicit folder. And for a folder continuity in case, like a username gets deleted for any reason. As long as one other user has edited, share permissions to a shared folder. If the folder owner gets deleted for any reason. The other edit and sharing user will assume folder ownership at that point just just for a folder continuity. If you do need that for keeping the drive contents there and if you choose either edit read only or view only is the option here. It'll you'll see this optional expiration date field and to choose a date. I would click on the Tuesday works here to open the calendar and let's just say for the 16th. So when I in this out to my username here, our backend server will recognize that you send it out and CC or zoom time. Or GMT time I should say. My permission to this folder will expire after that time in UC on the 16th and that's regardless of my time zone. So once I click the share button here, that's going to encrypt the folder of its contents and then it'll share it out to my username. And you'll see this people with access table appear here with the users who have access the expiration date that you set and any access that's still pending for the user or a granted. And if say like you accidentally gave this user edit permission and you wanted to give them view only you can actually do this in real time if you wanted to make any changes real quickly. You even click on the edit button here, click on the edit dropdown and then click on view only for instance. And then as soon as I hit save here, what that's going to do is it's going to update this users permissions in real time. If I was actually looking at this folder on my side and PreVeil, my PreVeil would refresh. And then I would actually lose edit permissions and only have view only access at that point and any of the data that I did sync down locally would also get removed from that way it's a protected features. And if I click on if I wanted to UN share this folder with that user I would click on the UN share option here and then choose the save option. And as soon as I hit save, that's gonna update this permission to those users that way. They lose access to the folder. So if I go to accept the folder invite now or even just refresh or even try to view the folder. Now, Andrea on my side I'll get an error message, just saying I don't have access to the folder. And one other thing to notice about this folder that we just shared out with my username is returns folder from a folder type to a shared folder type and there's a pertinent live inside of the folder icon as well. This person still what and also the shared folder type these are for compliance. Purposes. And these can be changed back just in case someone's trying to share off data legally on on fire personnel. You'll you'll have an 100 trail as an administrator to see what happened this test. So you can check back in your activity logs and as coordinated and see what happened. In case someone like shared off a bunch of data and then tried to remove the users for permission access that's all captured in the activity log.
Ryan Dennis: That is sharing folder. And to accept the shareholder invite I sent you an invitation to collaborate on something here. So to view that shared folder invite, you'd come to your mail tab here and then this is what a folder invite would look like to another PreVeil user as well. I will say that user's first and last name is invited you to labor on something. So once I click into this email there's gonna be 2 different links here. And since we're on a computer, I'll click on this link to take us to the invitation section and drive and this customer materials folder that I shared with you. This is a is a folder that has a bunch of reference material and user guides and other helpful information about the application. And we share this with our customers during sessions here just to demonstrate the file files here as well. You can either choose to accept the folder with syncing down your system locally or click on the menu here to accept without syncing or even rejected folder to if you don't want that as part of your drive. But I'll just choose acceptable without thinking, just to keep it in your file. Storage is for now. And then if you go back to my PreVeil, you should see this folder. Now here in your drive this is that's how you accept the shared folder invite and the last couple of items here for a drive. If we go to the trash section. This is where you can go to see any files or folders that you deleted from my PreVeil and you can either choose to restore them back to my PreVeil or delete them permanently from your storage container. Anything that's deleted from my PreVeil will be manually will be put into this track section here. And it remains in this section until you manually either restore or delete these items. So there's no retention period policy. These remain indefinitely until you manually go into into here and either restore or delete and across the organization. You do have 10 terabytes of gov cloud storage for drive mail and login data. So you have a half the amount of storage at your disposal. Uh within PreVeil and just the final item for drive. I'm gonna try to cover my tracks, right, legally. So I'm gonna just check the box here next to the test folder and delete this. Just because I'm trying to cover my evidence up. So I'm gonna hit the yes button here to remove that test folder from my drive and we're gonna go try to delete that right from the trial section.
Ryan Dennis: And you'll notice that it's not here. So in order to find the test folder we shared out, we go to the shared section here and you'll see that it's hidden in status from PreVeil. And to restore this back to your drive, you click on the show button. But within PreVeil once you turn a folder from a shared from a regular private folder to your drive to a shared folder type that rocks it in it's own encryption method. And it also doesn't allow you to delete the folder structure just for compliance purposes. You can delete the contents of the test folder. But that is all captured in your activity logs. In case someone's trying to go rogue and delete a lot of data cover their evidence up. This will give you an amount of trail in case you need to show that this folder was shared out at some point in time to see what happened. You can. If you're a folder owner, you can hide a shared folder, but you can't delete the structure itself. Is how that works. Any any questions? before before we just finish out in the mail and last support items to 10 minutes just to finish up the last couple of things here.
Ryan Dennis: Yeah. Okay. Perfect. Did you have any questions at all before we move that?
Noelani Clark: I had a question about just to kind of clarify on cloud block and stuff. So say that can I take control really quickly? Yeah, of course. I say I go in my local storage. Would I be able to
Noelani Clark: Say drag something out of my downloads and put it in my PreVeil folder. Is that kind of how cloud block works?
Ryan Dennis: So cloud block would so essentially if you turn cloud lock on and you only want everything in the cloud like web browser interface here this essentially won't have any data. So you won't be able to sync anything down or up or down. This would be blank, essentially. But you can actually move items from different parts of your local file system into here. So you can copy and paste them into this folder or click. And then whenever it's moved into here, if it's if the application recognizes there was a change or an addition or like a deletion it will make those changes in your file storage too if your Services are running and if you're connected to our server if you're online, essentially any changes you make here will be reflected in the cloud storage too, as how that works.
Noelani Clark: Okay. I guess I was asking more in terms of potential gaps in terms of like if I have a file in my in this section will I be able to drag it into like a different
Ryan Dennis: Oh, do you mean like copy and pasting out from here? Yeah. Yeah. So so there are no restrictions within file for to like, protect against people moving into and out of the PreVeil traffic directory or local drive directory. So say, but that data is log that activity is logging activity logs. Because it'll say like, I moved out or deleted. It'll it'll be recognized as part of your on the trail. Okay. Anything and then yeah, that's a pretty much drive here. And then as far as the mail section goes it's very similar gmail or outlook. You have your inbox here with some of the mail folders. You can customize on the left hand side. And if you wanted to create a new message, you click on this orange compose and then it'll pop over that new message. No.
Ryan Dennis: Right hand side here and to expand your CC and BC fields, you click on this down arrow button here. And this works very similar to sharing a folder invite. So I put my email address here.com, you'll see the orange stripe appear and same with the test user. If you test the test.com, you'll see that appear with the gray stripe. So same thing if you send this email to the test user build out 2 weeks in their account to view the email and sent them, otherwise you'll just have to resend that email to their new account update when they do create some point in time.
Ryan Dennis: Any of your subject line here with some of the text have any options and unlike other mail clients, though PreVeil doesn't have a hard attachment size limit, like 30 megabytes or 25 megabytes outlook. But best practice for mail attachments here within the mail tab in the web browser is to keep it to about 75 megabytes because it can take a while to encrypt the data and the attachment and then send it over to that user for anything over 75 megabytes. Or if you're concerned about documentation control, it would be best to use drive to share folder with content just because you have more permission control over the permissions of that folder. And you can also revoke permissions at any time as well through drive. And if you wanted to add to a third party mail plan, you would come to your settings menu here and then go to add to mail plan. And then here's where you can add either the gmail plugin through edge or chrome which adds a secure message inbox in your web interface. And for classic outlook. You can also add the PreVeil in the mailbox to your instance for classic. Currently, we don't support the new outlook yet. Unfortunately, we're waiting on some configurations that Microsoft can support for the new instance. But they have told us that classic outlook will be supported for 20 29. But we are looking into other options to kind of support for the new outlook when time does come
Noelani Clark: 20 29.
Ryan Dennis: Yeah. They actually told us that they're supporting classic through 20 29 is is what they what Microsoft. Oh, yeah. Sorry, sorry. So that's the support they have for the before they force us all that, you know. So but but yeah, if you wanted to add PreVeil to classic outlook you want to make sure that Alex completely closed out. And then once you hit this add the outlook button, it'll start adding the mailbox to your outlook. And once it's complete, it takes about 30 seconds to add you'll get a pop up notification here just saying successfully enter or failed to add a profile if you get a failure it's because there's a background process most likely running for outlook or say, like teams or one drive. We've seen that interfere with plug in to but once you do have it installed in outlook, it'll show up as encrypted in parentheses with your first and last name that is your PreVeil inbox in outlook and anything you send from or receive into that will be through your PreVeil account. We also do have another outlook add in with this. That adds a message encryption banner at the top of your outlook and it also has an auto encryption features. So if say like you're sending from your regular road Box and you type a certain keyword in UI into the subject line, the auto encryption feature for the additional add in will detect that and then it'll flip over to send from your PreVeil inbox to protect your data as well. That is another feature. I'll send you in the follow up email more information on
Ryan Dennis: To get it.
Ryan Dennis: In
Noelani Clark: The ad in doesn't work with new outlook, which none, I think has new outlook down at the bottom.
Ryan Dennis: Yeah. Unfortunately, it doesn't like you can. We've seen like where it's been able to add the inbox, but like the features don't work, like the functionality doesn't work. So you can't send or receive within a new model just because the server and I'm app configurations aren't supported, unfortunately in order to use it within outlook. You do have to switch back to post to use that.
Ryan Dennis: Or if you wanted to restrict your users to just the mail tab here, to like I said earlier in the general settings in the console, you can remove the at the mail, client option. And then you can just have users use PreVeil to. And if say like you get a an encrypted email in PreVeil, you don't have to keep the web browser open all the time to check over your unread. What will happen is if you have an unread message in your inbox, after 15 minutes of inactivity it'll send you an email notification to your regular mailbox. Just telling you have a number of unread messages and the check PreVeil to see that gives you a notification as well if you need it.
Noelani Clark: Okay. And questions because yeah, for the PreVeil for outlook attachment, you have the I think of it as how sometimes I receive encrypted emails and then sometimes that user, they're not encrypted and you have the option to same thing just because you do the add in. It doesn't mean every e mail you send would be PreVeil encrypted.
Ryan Dennis: That's correct. Yeah. Because when you send like a new e mail draft or even reply, you can choose the from email address. If you do like the from for a new draft it'll show like either your regular mailbox or it'll say the encrypted mailbox. So if you're sending from encrypted then that's your PreVeil account. But that's not going to send every email through the outlook add in is how that works. Gotcha.
Noelani Clark: So basically, you putting the add in on your outlook. You still have the option to say new email and you want it to be either encrypted and through PreVeil or leave it in your normal outlook.
Ryan Dennis: Exactly. Yep. That's correct. Because because the from field would have like a dropdown in the new e mail draft like window. And then you can choose to either send from your regular mailbox or
Ryan Dennis: Depending on which
Noelani Clark: And sorry, because everybody is basically gonna need to have it attached to their outlook or an attached to their outlook to make life easier. So can we actually go through the sorry, non it to your computer, the activity of adding it to none? does she need to get out of
Ryan Dennis: Yeah. So so
Noelani Clark: First
Ryan Dennis: We don't have to switch it back to to the classic. So to do that, you just go to help and then go to classic.
Noelani Clark: Outlook. I know that was something help and go to classic because we're gonna have to tell every single person to do this new outlook.
Ryan Dennis: Exactly. Yeah. You can just skip the feedback. They don't really care to us, but but so once it does that it'll it'll close out new outlook and then it should bring you back to signature. Bring you back to classic. I see. Oh, there we go.
Noelani Clark: Let's try. Okay.
Ryan Dennis: There you go. So now you're back in classic. So let's close this out completely here. And then once we do that, we'll do a real to outlook.
Ryan Dennis: And if I if
Noelani Clark: I have classic already classic better.
Ryan Dennis: Yeah, more features.
Noelani Clark: Yeah. I'm used to classic. I upgraded to new and I was like this sucks and I went back.
Ryan Dennis: It's really not there great. I'm like
Ryan Dennis: There. So it's unfortunately, eventually Microsoft is probably gonna force us. So, so yeah, this is what it would look like. It would show a profile successfully add into outlook. Now, when you open up the open classic search for sec.
Ryan Dennis: Now, when you open up close, you should be able to see it on the left hand side here and
Ryan Dennis: Search for the pricing.
Ryan Dennis: Now it should show as encrypted with your first and last name here on the left. This is your PreVeil inbox here. So if you go to the inbox it might just take a second to load and sync here.
Ryan Dennis: Tatiana
Ryan Dennis: Should there we go? Yeah. So now this is
Ryan Dennis: This is the email that I sent you for the invitation.
Ryan Dennis: Pictures here?
Ryan Dennis: This is your PreVeil inbox here. So anything you send from receiving to this I said is through PreVeil. So if you did a new email for instance and you wanted to send from encrypted, you can change this dropdown here because currently it says encrypted since we're looking at the encrypted mailbox or inbox. So when you open up the new draft, it automatically defaults to the encrypted one. But you can change it back to your regular one here. So if you send from this one, this is your regular mailbox, so it's not encrypted, but if you do send from this here, this is your encrypted mailbox.
Ryan Dennis: And again, we also sorry, you have a question?
Noelani Clark: Can we actually do a can you send it to in current Services? yeah, me. Right there.
Ryan Dennis: I was on say might send you like an email notification to create a free pro account even though you do have that. Let me just see here.
Ryan Dennis: Success.
Noelani Clark: Yeah. I'm interested to see how it comes through since she's sending it encrypted, but for instance, I don't have PreVeil yet because I didn't download it.
Ryan Dennis: Exactly. So it should show up I believe as a as the invitation join to see that encrypted mail, not mistaken. And if you don't like this for any reason to you can always remove this mailbox from your account settings too. So like if you're like, hey I just want to restrict over to the mail tab, you can go to file and then go to account settings here. And then you can actually delete the encrypted mailbox as well. You can remove this entirely from outlook if you don't like it. And that other plugin or the add into it is a separate main seller. Did you want me to did you want to run through that real quick too? Okay. We'll run through that just so I can show you what that looks like here.
Noelani Clark: We just that's the one with the banner and everything, right?
Ryan Dennis: Exactly. Yeah, that's a banner here. So if we do a.com, I think it's really good though too because it tells your user whether or not they're working out of PreVeil. So I'll give them a heads up too so. Right. We go down here.
Ryan Dennis: And then go to
Ryan Dennis: Do so if I click on this is the separate Asian sale.
Ryan Dennis: And then install it here. And both of these are reversible. So it's like you or any of your users to to
Ryan Dennis: For that?
Ryan Dennis: Okay.
Ryan Dennis: So
Noelani Clark: Yeah. I still haven't gotten that email. I don't know if
Ryan Dennis: The student said I'm wondering if maybe because it didn't uh
Ryan Dennis: Let me just send a test here. So
Ryan Dennis: I wonder if it's because you have a pending invitation that might be why. So it's like, recognizing that. There's 2. So let's see if we do
Ryan Dennis: Here plus.
Ryan Dennis: See test.
Ryan Dennis: Just want to see if that comes through on my side and I'll send a screenshot of that too. So if we can test here
Ryan Dennis: See if that comes through.
Ryan Dennis: There may also be something blocking it on your computer. Do you guys have a virus by chance or some security measure that might be
Noelani Clark: Now, because I still have the new at I wondered
Ryan Dennis: Finish.
Ryan Dennis: I'm not seeing it on my side, either.
Ryan Dennis: A file.
Ryan Dennis: Okay. Real quick.
Ryan Dennis: So see, now we'll get that. We'll get the Amazon the solve here. And like I said, if you don't like the banner to or like, hey, like that. You can also remove this to no problem. This separate as so you can install or you can
Ryan Dennis: Send it to this real quick.
Ryan Dennis: Oh.
Ryan Dennis: Oh yeah. That
Ryan Dennis: Are you able to accept that not said?
Noelani Clark: Oh, yeah. I just did
Ryan Dennis: Okay. Perfect. Yeah, just take a second here.
Ryan Dennis: Um
Ryan Dennis: While it's getting loaded here. We'll run through the last bit here. Anyways, the presentation here, if I can get through.
Ryan Dennis: To me here.
Ryan Dennis: Oh, there you go. As I was talking, looks like we might be finishing here soon.
Ryan Dennis: There we go. Right. Now, if we open the classic again, let's see.
Ryan Dennis: Sync issues that
Ryan Dennis: Social I
Ryan Dennis: Wonder if there might be something blocking that.
Ryan Dennis: It looks like you got removed here.
Ryan Dennis: So this is the messaging coaching banner here. And if you wanted to use the classic Ryan two, we also do have like did have it. I'm not sure what it is, but I think it's because of the mailbox got removed for some reason.
Noelani Clark: On is trying to update something that
Ryan Dennis: Makes sense. Yeah. It looks like it's updating a Box.
Ryan Dennis: Just being a little impatient because you're saying
Noelani Clark: That the end Clark at PreVeil.com should be on the left.
Ryan Dennis: Yes. Yeah, yeah. The encrypted one encrypted with her first and last name.
Ryan Dennis: A second here. Yes. The second. Okay. Well, that a little time here. I think it just be transferring the data back from outlook, probably why. But as far as the we'll run through this here. Are you able to there might be like the zoom menu blocking this here? Are you able to go back to the PreVeil 10 for me? I can't see the unfortunate float menu, there's something there
Noelani Clark: I don't think we can either hold on. How do we
Ryan Dennis: If you might need if you open up zoom, like the zoom workspace app there in the task bar. Yeah, there we go. That zoom, like farther at the top that might be blocking.
Ryan Dennis: You call it the mountains there.
Noelani Clark: There we go.
Noelani Clark: Um
Ryan Dennis: Install profile.
Ryan Dennis: So thank you. Perfect. Thank you. And then, so as far as we'll run through this here while that's still syncing here. But the device management here, this is where you can go to see what devices you have active for your username here too. So every user has the ability to manage their devices too. If you have 2 devices like you do here the current device means that you're currently looking at PreVeil on this device. And then the active status means that this is a device that has it. So if you wanted to say locker delete this you can also lock or delete it from here. So if you had access to your iPhone and you lost your PC, yeah, you can also do that to lock or delete. And then the account recovery section here. Awesome. You do have the pdf file already too. So you actually do have 2 protections in place for your account. So you're good to go until you get their core set up. And let me just see here.
Noelani Clark: Will you check the battery really quick on?
Ryan Dennis: On you? Oh, yeah. Let's see. 40 40 minutes here. It looks like. Okay.
Noelani Clark: Okay.
Ryan Dennis: Yeah. 36 minutes. Okay. I'll run through a quick, just to be sure. Last bits here, just for the actual onboarding presentation. If you wanted to view the version number, you're on an PreVeil. You click on this person icon here. And you'll you'll see that you're on this file in here. When you do get a chance, we actually just released 5 8 15. So feel free to upload upload or upgrade from the PreVeil download site here. So you can actually download it from PreVeil.com for slash downloads. And it would be this 5 8 15 version here on the right. But yeah, that's how you can view your version number. This is just something we asked for in a support ticket for troubleshooting an issue with you. And then if I come to the sector here we do have what we call the key menu section. So if you left click on this this will open up a mini dashboard here where you can check your Services and see if they're active. And if you can connect to our server endpoint. So it looks like you ran it earlier, but if you click on run diagnostics that will run through to see if you're available window, Services as well. The export logs button. What this does is it generates your application logs and then zips them up into a zip folder. All PreVeil assigned to support dot zip and that's sent to your desktop. And that's something we would ask that you attach to support just so we can see what's going on. You can also get to your mail and I and local drive folder here in in file these shortcuts. And if I go back to the key media icon and right click on it, you'll see this other context.
Ryan Dennis: When you appear here, you can choose your mail and drive here in the web browser interface and get access to that through your default browser. Or you can also click on the drive folder here. And this will take you to your local drive within one folder, the power options here. If you have any issues with the application you can stop start and restart your Services through these power shell scripts. But these do need admin rights to run on the device. So if your users need to restart, PreVeil Services and they don't have admin privileges, they can just reboot their computer to restart those if needed. And if you need to get to our help center you can always click on this link here or you can click on the question mark icon and get to the help center. That way. It's it'll take you to our support site. My team's normal support hours are Monday through Friday. 9:00 am to 5:00 pm eastern time. But if you need any questions or issues answered outside of that timeframe. We have an ACH out here that is a really good job as well. It does utilize our knowledge base as a reference library. And in addition to our current support hours, we are looking to expand those to accommodate more Pacific time hours as well. So like later into the like, probably around the pm or so in the coming months. But if the chat bot can't answer a question for you here it'll just direct you to open the ticket with my team and you can do that through this link here or submit a ticket link. And this is also our knowledge base link here. I would recommend book marking the support page, just because we have all these user resources here.
Ryan Dennis: But if I click on knowledge base, that'll take me to the conference base knowledge base homepage here. And this is where a lot of our information for the application side. So if I scroll down in this main section here, you see some announcements from your bill versions and other important information. And then if I scroll down even further, there's this browse by topic section. And this is a great place for new users to get started with the application including even into what installing the application and also doing an introduction to PreVeil and drive. If I scroll down here even further, there's an organization section.
Ryan Dennis: And this has all of those admin console items that today. Just so you have a reference back to each of those settings. If I scroll back to the top of the announcement section, there is a file support to it. And this is this is the same link that takes you to our knowledge base or sorry, ticket form which is the best way to get a hold of my team. So if you have any questions or issues this is the best way to get a hold of us. We do have a really responsive team during our support hours. We have people monitoring the ticket board at all times during that time frame. And once you enter your information here, this would be like your PreVeil email address, a summary and description of the question or issue that you have, the product version number that I showed you in any effective components. And once you click on the create button here, that will generate the ticket to my team's ticket board. And then it'll send you an email confirmation with the ticket number for reference. Once we have our team members is available? They'll assign themselves to your ticket and then start an email conversation with you through the ticket thread. And if it's something we can't resolve over e mail, then we would try to schedule a zoom session, like this one to go over the question or issue that you have over a screen share if needed. And if for any reason you can't open a ticket to the portal here, you can always email us at support at bill.com from your regular mailbox. And that'll also open a ticket on
Ryan Dennis: And then it is also a good thing to have a log in here to the support desk site. This runs through JIRA service management. So it's separate from the PreVeil application. But if you I think with the onboarding ticket that you're part of I sent you both an invitation to join the Services. But if you don't have a login or profile created, you can just click on the can't login button here. And then once you're at this username field here, just enter your email address and hit email me. And then that will send you a link to set up your fund for the support site. The reason I say it's a good thing to have an account is because you can manage your organization's tickets and open tickets on behalf of other users as part of your organization here. You can add attachments to tickets, like your key many logs and screenshots. And also you can comment directly to tickets on portal and even change the status to that pretty much concludes the actual onboarding presentation. Let me just check on status.
Ryan Dennis: I have a question.
Noelani Clark: Do you the I would we use that support ticket portal also to have access to your consultants that know a lot about cms or is that a different e mail?
Ryan Dennis: Got you. So for any assistance with compliance related items CC prep you have access to our compliance team. We just see yes, you do you can email them at compliance at PreVeil.com. And you have unlimited email support with them and you also they're also available to schedule calls as well, to strategize for sense. So if you email them and ask for like to schedule a call they'll be happy to set one up with you to if you need a discussion for that.
Noelani Clark: Okay. Cool.
Ryan Dennis: And I believe to you have access to the compliance accelerator portal. And I think your customer success manager, Robin should have sent you the access to that.
Ryan Dennis: Awesome. And then I think I was actually gonna just double check on the profile here for read. It looks like you got removed. So let's try to re add that here for you.
Ryan Dennis: Inspect. I'm wondering if maybe we added it and I'm still syncing. That's probably why I didn't fully complete their the profile. So
Ryan Dennis: Um
Ryan Dennis: But yeah. No, that pretty much the actual onboarding presentation. We just go out reports too much here.