Account: Vast Circuits & MFG LLC
Call Date: 2026-02-13
Duration: 00:07:24
Participants: Zackary Gilman, Nicholas Gonzalez

======================================================================

Zackary Gilman: So
Nicholas Gonzalez: Can you hear me all right?
Zackary Gilman: I can how are you doing today?
Nicholas Gonzalez: Awesome. Good, good, man. How about yourself?
Zackary Gilman: Doing well. I don't believe we're waiting for anybody. Is that? Hey, Nick, correct. Good afternoon.
Nicholas Gonzalez: No, it's just me. Okay. Small business.
Zackary Gilman: Perfect works for me. Well, this call should be pretty straightforward. It's really introduced you to myself. My name is Zack, I'm gonna be your customer success manager. Your main point of contact moving forward here at PreVeil. This call is really just to go over some some resources here at your disposal as well as some next steps for you guys and getting started. But I always like to kick off these calls. Just hear a little bit from from yourself on what brought you to us. Looking at the notes is probably do compliance related, but just like to hear from yourself on what brought you to us.
Nicholas Gonzalez: Yeah. Correct. We do a lot of work for locking and we have another company that actually utilizes PreVeil. So then when cms started the deadline coming up, I was like, well, let me take a look at everybody and they kind of just led me back to PreVeil. That being said, I have not really dug in I don't know if Marco let you know, but I just had a baby boy. So I'm kinda in and out of the office. And I'm closing up the year. So a little busy and I didn't have a chance to really look at that onboarding guide too much. But when I did I was kind of afraid to do anything because I actually have a PreVeil account already as well as my pops who will be the other user on the account. So I didn't want to touch anything. I was like, I wonder if they could be linked or what. So that's where I'm at with that.
Zackary Gilman: Yeah. No. Well congrats on on the new baby boy. But yeah, it's pretty straightforward. So you'll see within the instructions. It'll essentially take you through just downloading. The first step is just downloading the PreVeil system onto your device. And then from there, it'll prompt you to create your organization. You'll set that up and then as soon as you put in your email, it'll recognize that. It's associated with an express account that pre existing account you have before. And it'll just ask you if you want to convert that to the full account. So pretty easy process there in terms of getting it set up. The big piece is just downloading PreVeil. Getting that installed onto the device. And then from there, it's a pretty straightforward process getting you into the system.
Nicholas Gonzalez: And those express accounts that'll be like, if we wanted to share something with somebody that they would make the express account to access that.
Zackary Gilman: Yup. Exactly. So those are our free
Nicholas Gonzalez: Privilege on. Okay.
Zackary Gilman: Cool. Yeah. Those are yeah. So that'll convert as soon as you set up that organization, I'll resend those instructions after this call as well. You have it handy. And then once you do have that org set up feel free to go ahead and book an onboarding call with our technical support team. That'll be more of a hands on technical call. They'll kind of take over your screen and go through the full admin console. I'm sure some questions will come up as you go through it. So they'll be able to answer more of the technical side of questions in terms of the setup and any data migration as well if you guys need that. But those are sort of the 2 next steps. So that organization setup and then booking that onboarding call. And I'll re share that link to book the time as well as the same thing is booking this call. Just a calendar link. It's pretty easy. Cool. And then in terms of the package, it looks like you have the 2 licenses with one of those being the admin console as well as the compliance accelerator. That's correct. Perfect. And then for the accelerator so I'll be the one who adds you to the accelerator. You get up to 3 people inside that system. I can remove or add as you see fit as well. I assume yourself you're gonna want to be added to that, correct? Right.
Nicholas Gonzalez: Handling all that. So
Zackary Gilman: So yeah, after this, I'll add you to the system. And then if you have anybody else, you want it added just feel free to shoot over their name. I'll just need a first name, last name and their email to put them into that system.
Nicholas Gonzalez: Okay. Cool.
Zackary Gilman: Yeah. With the compliance is delivery. Just one thing to note is you do have those 6 30 minute zoom sessions with our compliance team. Those are free to use at your disposal. Feel free to ping them early. If you guys are wondering you know where you stand in terms of cms as you get started or maybe if it gets closer to an assessment. But totally up to you. What do you want to use those? and then some other resources just to note, you do have support at PreVeil.com for any technical related related issues. So sending them an email, automatically create a support ticket as well as a manually manual ticket system that I'll share to. And then you also do have compliance at PreVeil.com. So that's another email for you. Sending them an email is totally separate from the zoom sessions. So if you have any questions that come up that you feel wouldn't warrant a longer meeting, feel free to shoot over an email to them and they're able to to respond pretty quickly. There. But if your number not sure where to go feel free to just loop me in. I can always direct you to the best team here as well.
Nicholas Gonzalez: Okay. Cool. And that migration services, I mean, we're pretty straightforward. We have like, 4 desktops and we're only gonna have the 2 users that access PreVeil. So I think I would need any special migration, right? It just kind of getting the files and dragging and dropping.
Zackary Gilman: Right. Yeah. There's there's no it's only really for if you had a lot of data inside a different system, right? yeah. Okay. Cool. But pretty straightforward process in terms of getting your storage into into the PreVeil system. Yeah.
Nicholas Gonzalez: And I kinda want to get a little more hands on and clean things up as we go along, if that makes sense. So
Zackary Gilman: Yeah. No, definitely makes sense. Yeah, we'll definitely cover that in the onboarding as well. And then the only other thing I have is just to schedule us out for a 90 day check in call. So it'll just be a placeholder for us to check in a few months from now just make sure things are going over well. We can always hop on a call if something comes up before then. But I'll just put down some time for that second week of May. And then as it gets closer to it, if we need to change things around, we could definitely work around your schedule.
Nicholas Gonzalez: Perfect. Awesome. Yeah, in the meantime, I'll definitely go through this guide and start linking everything together and I'll see how far I can get before I get on that other call. So
Zackary Gilman: Yeah. Is are there any other questions? that's kind of it for my spiel, but if there's any questions, I'm happy to address them as you get started.
Nicholas Gonzalez: No, man. I'm good to go. Let's enjoy the rest of our Friday.
Zackary Gilman: Sounds good to me. So you'll receive just a couple of things. For me. First will be the invite to the accelerator. That'll be a link to join the link, does expire within 24 hours for security purposes. But if you need it resent, just let me know. I'm happy to do it. You'll receive that. And then I'll send over just a follow up email with all the resources I talked about, as well as the link to book time with our onboarding and install PreVeil. And then you'll receive a 90 day invite from me as well.
Nicholas Gonzalez: Perfect. Sounds good. Man.
Zackary Gilman: Awesome. Well, if anything comes up, like I said, I'll be your point of contact. So feel free to reach out. But yeah, I'm happy to start working with you guys and hope you have a great rest of your Friday.
Nicholas Gonzalez: Yeah. Nice meeting you, man. You have a good weekend.
Zackary Gilman: You too. Have a good one. Bye.