Account: Villanova University
Call Date: 2026-01-23
Duration: 00:28:25
Participants: Andrew Meggs, Gregg Laroche, Joshua Poinsett, Rj Silva

======================================================================

Rj Silva: So
Andrew Meggs: Hello? Hello. Happy new here. How are you all doing?
Rj Silva: Hey Andrew. So happy far new year. So okay. Nothing's particularly ruined the year yet. At least.
Andrew Meggs: Good, good.
Andrew Meggs: Looks like there's someone else invited, right? I know we made this a while ago. So I'm trying to remember who all was supposed to be on this call. Okay. Okay. There's Lenard
Andrew Meggs: Okay. And then actually Greg from our team is who does all the GRC demo. That's in there. All right. Well, it looks like the gang's all here.
Andrew Meggs: Hi, Greg. Good morning.
Gregg Laroche: Hello, everyone.
Leonard Nelson: Hi morning, everyone.
Jim Lion: Good morning.
Gregg Laroche: Mike, Mike is turned away down. That's better.
Andrew Meggs: Hopefully, you're not. Are you snowed in Greg? I heard there's some sort of storm or something?
Gregg Laroche: Big storm coming Sunday night.
Andrew Meggs: Okay. It's not not yet. Okay. Okay. Good. Good.
Gregg Laroche: Good. Yeah. The totals went from 3 inches yesterday to 18 inches now. So yeah.
Gregg Laroche: We're gonna get some snow, yeah.
Andrew Meggs: Robin was telling me that the inches numbers are all over the place.
Gregg Laroche: They started low, though. And now they're continually creeping up. So I guess the storm is tracking in the typical northeastern fashion that we haven't seen around here in 10 plus years. So wow.
Andrew Meggs: Well, good luck. Good luck have fun with that, but I don't
Gregg Laroche: It doesn't bother me. I love the snow, but it is inconvenient if you're trying to get somewhere. But sure.
Andrew Meggs: Thank you. Weather aside. It does look like everyone from Villanova is here on the call. I know that we scheduled this. I'm not even sure it was, I think before the new year. So I know that you all had some interest in the GRC tool and Greg very kindly volunteer to help demo it. But I guess before we get into it, was there any things specifically you're looking for and or what is your general compliance timeline? Looking like
Leonard Nelson: I don't want to commit to a timeline, but in general, we just wanted to see what this tool is capable of doing and hopefully or maybe leveraging it in some way for our internal sort of compliance of the PreVeil platform. So
Andrew Meggs: Okay. Yeah. And
Leonard Nelson: Others on the call. Feel free to way in as you see, but
Rj Silva: Yeah. Separate from the it side of the house. And this will be news to the folks on the call. But I've been given approval to start socializing may as when we'll tentatively be ready for some ITAR controlled stuff from our end.
Andrew Meggs: Interesting. Okay. Cool. Yeah, uh, unless there was anything else you all wanted to discuss beforehand, I can let let Gregg get into it.
Jim Lion: If we can if we have time, I'd love to take a look at the policy library.
Gregg Laroche: Yeah. That's gonna be part of the demo. Perfect. Yeah.
Gregg Laroche: Great. So thanks for that. And yeah, let me just set the stage a little bit. So you know, 3 plus years ago, we began developing a training curriculum for compliance that we call compliance accelerator and it's presented through a learning management system now and it's evolved over the past 3 years. A lot of content has been added. A lot of courses have been added based on customer feedback, but one consistent piece of feedback we were getting is that well don't you have some kind of project management tool that we can use to manage all this stuff and manage our process, which is what these C tools do. And in the past, we had partnered with a few of them. We found some of them to be a little overly cumbersome and hard to use. And some of them are quite expensive. And we went out on search to find a tool. That would be low cost, easy to use. Easy to learn. It doesn't have 10,000 features, like some of them do, but it comes in a very aggressive price point and it's very easy to learn. So that was the criteria. So that's what I'm gonna show you is the result of that search. We found a tool that we like and we integrated our own compliance accelerator content into that tool. So the policy library that Jim mentioned a minute ago is integrated into the tool. So that's what we're gonna see. And and there and like I said, there are far more advanced systems out there.
Gregg Laroche: So if you're looking for those advanced features, this one won't won't meet the bill, but it does a lot of really good stuff and it's super easy. All right. Let's go look at it.
Gregg Laroche: So this is kind of the controls view. You'll see the top level navigation dashboard SP controls, policies and procedures, risk management approvals, reports and the compliance accelerator library. So that's the top nav. We're in controls. Right now. It can be navigated by the control families or it's just one big long list. It's 110 controls. And it gives you kind of a snapshot of their current status, which ones have implementation statements, which ones have documents linked, any action items assigned, how many and then what are ongoing or recurring tasks that have been defined for that control, like a quarterly review or whatever the control calls for. And this is kind of the snapshot view implemented not implemented partially implemented. But if you drill into anyone control you see more details. So in a particular control now we introduce the left side navigation and you'll see here that we're looking at a little matrix of the objectives for this control. Because every nest 801 71 control is made up of one or more assessment objectives. And then all objectives must be met in order for the control. To be considered implemented. So this one's kind of got marked with one no on an objective. That's why I'm getting a little warning here. That's saying the status doesn't match the data. So it should actually be marked as partially implemented and that will fix that. This is these are the objectives underneath here. You'll see the implementation statement that comes directly from the compliance accelerator. Examples that we call the Acme documents. So we have a fictional company in accelerator that we call the Acme company. It is a typical UI handling kind of small midsize business that has an enclave of co users and all of their documentation is in the accelerator and the relevant aspects of that documentation actually are pre loaded into GRC so your control, implementation statement a generic one based on me is already sitting here, so you can edit it from here. If it doesn't match kind of how you implement this particular control differently than Acme did or does and that's the control assessment stage. And then there's also the clients accelerator. Tab here. That brings you into the document examples from Acme that are relevant to this control family. So these are the AC related documents. You can look at the whole library at any time by going up here in the main navigation, but this is just contextual Zed for this control family because that's where we're sitting right now. So that's kind of so before I get into more of the lower nav here, I want to pop over to the library. So the compliance accelerator library is here. This is all the documentation organized by control family. So there's 14 families. There's documents for each and these again are based on a fictional company. And these have been assessed by a third party assessor and basically approved as ready for assessment. So you can't use them as is because they don't match exactly what you're doing, but they are a really great starting point for any potential document you might need in your program. You may have some of these already your own versions and then you don't need the Acme one, but you may be missing a document or 2 and these will give you the kind of the templates or examples that you need. And then what you do is you take from this library, you modify these documents so that they are they're yours and they're not act me anymore and then you upload them into the policy and procedure library. So basically that's kind of the exercises. You take the documents, either the ones you already have or ones you want to use from the library. And you upload them into this policy and procedure repo, basically and this will keep version control. This will give you a place to store all the documentation that you're attaching to the controls or associating with the controls and you build your library out and then we can go back to the control view. So here so basically, you have your library of examples. You have your repo of actual documents that you're gonna use. And then you have your controls where you make those associations. So if we go back into controls, we'll go back into our example. The next place is where you attach the documents. So this references the whole library is available in here and you select the ones that are relevant for this control and associate them or attach them to the control and then they are now associated with that control and become part of that controls documentation and that's kind of how that works. And then if you have things that are not in the repo let's say you have screenshots. So you have other types of evidence or a photograph or whatever, whatever the evidence might be. Interviews, what have you put those in this artifact segment. So this is things that will be associated with the control and saved against the control, but they're not part of the policy library. They're like other kinds of documents. That's what the differences between these 2 buttons these come out of the library. These don't. And then there's 2 kinds of tasks you can assign to people because there's a little workflow engine in here too. So the action items are the actual tasks against the control. So these are one time tasks that you assign somebody about this control and so basically it's like a pm. It's like an action item uh plan of action, a milestone task, you assign it to somebody these tasks get automatically populated into the report that this product can generate. I'm gonna get to reports in a minute. That's just one kind of task. It's like a control task and then there's these other tasks that are continuous monitoring. And these are the recurring tasks that happen at some interval, weekly, monthly, quarterly, whatever. And so things against the control that you have to do over and over again, forever, you set them up here. So the system will remind the action that this recurring task is due and that's kind of where that all goes. And there's a place to put comments and things that don't become part of the official record, but you just want to have associated with the control. So that's all the control information. I reference kind of the library and the control control repo policy and procedure repository and the library. And there's some more tabs I want to show you, but I want to pause there and see if you have guys have any questions on what we've covered so far.
Gregg Laroche: Nope. Yeah, it's pretty straightforward. I'll cover all these areas. So you'll see the whole thing. Now, another requirement of the nest controls is that you generate and occasionally assess risks in your environment and catalog them in a risk register. So they give you the product gives you a really cool little tool for that. So if you don't already have a risk assessment process and you don't already have a risk register, this will build it for you. And basically, as you have your risk reviews as a group you document those basically in here and you have your risk review and you identify a risk, you basically take it through this wizard and it helps you identify the risk link it to the appropriate controls score it against likelihood and impact and then decide if you're going to mitigate it or not or assign it through insurance or ignore it. Because you can always ignore a risk also if you choose to. And and then if you're gonna if you're going to mitigate have a reference to the plan, the mitigation plan. So and then it builds out this table over time of your risks. So it's just a nice tool if you don't have this already. This the system gives you a cool place to do all that stuff. And then I wanted to get into system security plan before we go to reports. So the system security plan section is for the additional information that your SP has to have that is not control related information. So the control in information will be populated automatically into the SP the policies and procedures will be imported automatically that this will all happen automatically because you've you've populated that information against the controls. But there's other stuff your system security plan has to have and that's what this section is for. So here's where you identify your stakeholders, your cage codes, all this stuff you're supposed to have at the top of the document, then you have your roles and responsibilities. And then you have your environment, which is your asset inventory and software inventories, which are required. And this is where you keep all that information, basically. You just upload lists. Of those things in here. And again, they get version over time and they and you can either append or replace as you add information and that's pretty straightforward. You can always import and export from here at any time to do updates. Or you can add lines individually manually through the add button. So this really just a place to build out those inventories which are required under the nest 801 71 standard. So and then once you populate all this information plus all the control information you now have enough stuff to populate your SP and the SP itself is a type of report in in this particular tool. And so again, you can run generate a version of this report. Anytime you change anything, you'll need to generate a new version or you can view the latest version here and it pops up as a pdf viewer or you can export it in word if you need to. Edit it. But basically when you hit view is this all the header information that we didn't put in and this is the environment information we didn't put in. So this would all be populated. If you filled that section out and then you get into the controls and basically the implementation statements, the references to documents, all that stuff is put in here. Whatever you have against the controls goes in to this report, which constitutes your actual SP so you can generate an SP. You can also generate a plan of actions. It's gonna go through all your open tasks and give you a list of the open tasks and that constitutes your plan of action, right? That's another report you have. There's also reports for the continuous monitoring those control status, this control status with the assessment objectives. And there's also an SSP report with the assessment objectives. So if you want to track at the objective level, which most assessors are gonna want to see, you probably use this version of the SP which shows you the the objectives. Okay. Well, that's funny when that happens. Um
Gregg Laroche: But there I'd have to regenerate it and then it'll work. But um
Gregg Laroche: Oh, come on anyway.
Leonard Nelson: Chris up the demo.
Gregg Laroche: We'll fix that later. Yeah. But you get the idea there are reports and this is everything it does? I've showed you all of it we have the accelerator library. You have the system security plan, header information that you have all the controls and documentation in here and some risk management and workflow capability. And it all rolls up to a dashboard and the dashboard only has one framework in it right now, which is a cms framework. But the vendor we've partnered with has multiple compliance framework. So you can add more frameworks in here. If you want to add sock 2 or fed ramp who whatever you're trying to do here, you could put other frameworks in here and they just they come up they show up as a table and for cms you can see our control status. We're not very well implemented here. We have a score of minus 1 76 right now, which is not very good. We're only 11%. Deployed. So we have a lot of work to do in this demo environment. But it can tell us you know, at a glance kind of where we're at. That's the idea of the dashboard, but that's the complete feature set. It's very, very straightforward.
Leonard Nelson: Um
Leonard Nelson: Are you able to talk about pricing? I think that's the one piece that we clearly Rj Jim. Josh. In my mind, we will need this and our timeline of May feels aggressive for something that we haven't even really started this work for, right? So just as you communicate internally, I think we should keep that in mind, but Greg, what does pricing look like to to to use this? Is that something that I need to initiate with mark?
Gregg Laroche: With Andrew, can help you with that. If you're a current customer, this is really just a modification to your existing engagement. Or if you or for this if you are not yet a customer, then you would engage with the account rep. But the short answer is this is an optional part of the accelerator offering. So and Andrew can give you the particulars, but the accelerator is a per year per customer subscription. So there's a flat fee for that every year. And that's for access to the accelerator learning management system, the 10 steps to compliance, all the content that's in there plus the library that is integrated into Rj. And then the C tool itself is another add on on top of accelerator. So you get accelerator to access the intellectual property and then you add GRC as an option if you want to or not that. You don't? that's up to you. But accelerator, I would highly recommend almost every customer they already have which
Andrew Meggs: You already have they have the PreVeil pass, but you can talk about pricing if you won't Greg. I believe in you. Yeah, the pricing for the GRC tool $2,400 for 12 months as the pricing for the tier that you all are at with the PreVeil.
Gregg Laroche: Pass. Yeah. And that includes access for 5 named users.
Gregg Laroche: But we can always add more users and talk about that.
Gregg Laroche: As we added users, how does that?
Joshua Poinsett: Does that impact the price and how
Gregg Laroche: Well, these are compliance users. So they're not like your users, the people that are putting data into the tool if you're if it's like, log on. You get 5 log on into the tool. Yeah, yeah.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. It's like a separate site. It's a separate login and I would hope no more than 5 people would need access because that's a lot of people that would be in there because we had like, if we went up to like
Joshua Poinsett: 20 C users, but they didn't need access to it. Just
Gregg Laroche: Yeah, that would be fine. 5 of us. Then the pricing.
Joshua Poinsett: Stays the same as well.
Gregg Laroche: Yep. Okay.
Leonard Nelson: Andrew, can you remind me who you provision compliance accounts? Where I know Rj and myself were given
Leonard Nelson: But I don't know if Jim got one.
Andrew Meggs: Let me pull that up.
Andrew Meggs: Because
Leonard Nelson: Jim, definitely. Jim oversees our risk practice, so he wouldn't need the account.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. It's making me do multi factor authentication to get in there.
Leonard Nelson: You should be singing phrases for it.
Andrew Meggs: I know. Yeah, it's right now. Lenard Rj and Josh are the 3 people that have access.
Leonard Nelson: And can you add Jim? While we're so
Andrew Meggs: Greg correct me if I'm wrong here. I thought it was up to 3 not up to 5 people.
Andrew Meggs: With access.
Gregg Laroche: Got muted. My like, yeah, no. I think it's 3 up to 3 for the accelerator. All these things are running on different platforms, which is very inconvenient, but that's kind of what we're stuck with right now. So the LMS partitions to 3 logins per account and the C tool. You get a couple of extras, because often your assessor would want to log into it. And the idea there is you'd have 3 internal users and you might have an access or a consultant that might want to log in to the tool. They don't need access to accelerator, but they do need access to the C. So that's why that number is 2 users bigger than the accelerator number. But yeah, currently that's the limit for accelerated subscription there. We do have like pricing at higher levels of users, but for LMS and C users that if you want to take those numbers higher that is possible. Just there's just additional cost. That's all
Leonard Nelson: So for one additional LMS user, how much is that?
Andrew Meggs: I believe it's a fairly significant.
Gregg Laroche: You're jumping to the next tier which
Andrew Meggs: Is yeah. I think it's like another $1,200 for another user in the yellow.
Gregg Laroche: Yeah. That's another tier. I think that'll get you up to 10 or something I forget what the number is, but
Andrew Meggs: Specific, but specifically with the accelerator, all that content is download able and shareable. So even if you did only have 3 people in there, you could download if you wanted to.
Joshua Poinsett: Can you change like could you remove myself and add zoom?
Rj Silva: You could reassign me, Josh. I I'm happy to give that spot to Jim.
Leonard Nelson: Everyone's like, I don't want it
Gregg Laroche: Yeah. No, that's easily done. Just just let Andrew know if you
Andrew Meggs: If you put in Jim's email address in the chat, I can go ahead and add them right now and I can replace Josh.
Leonard Nelson: Jim, do you mind just throwing out e mail in?
Leonard Nelson: All right. I guess in transparency. So Rj, Josh, Jim, and I have to figure out who's gonna pay for the 12 2,400 for the the GRC component. We need this Rj I'm confident and you can see we need this in order to hit any deadline, whether may or even something out there, right? we're not gonna get through approvals unless we do this in a structured way. So
Joshua Poinsett: When you said may you mean May 20 20 seven, right?
Rj Silva: So I actually we should probably chat offline. Because may was my not aggressive timeframe. I would say my aggressive timeframe for application with the department of state would be march. I think it probably is worth us syncing offline on on timelines for things and
Joshua Poinsett: Applications are actual data. Uh
Rj Silva: That's for submitting our application to the director to defense trade controls. So then there is stuff on the back end. And of course, there are a million things between here and there that could delay us. But it's not like we would start to work on that date. But like, we would be submitting an application by my guess is the latest may
Leonard Nelson: Cool. Yeah. And I could previously communicated during one of those status calls that the platform is gonna take at least a year to to configure. And that was I think, in August, I feel September. So
Leonard Nelson: Yeah. So that all right. I think we have can Andrew, do you mind generating a quote for the PreVeil piece?
Andrew Meggs: Yeah, sure. So. So
Leonard Nelson: A GRC yeah.
Andrew Meggs: I'll put together an order form and I'll send it to you all after this call. By the way, Jim, I did just add you to the accelerator. So you should see an email invitation to that. And usually it takes maybe 5 to 10 minutes for that to come through. But yeah, I will put together an order form. Usually how this works is we have like, 12 month minimums for our orders. So it'll be for 12 months and then come your next renewal. If you wanted to renew with it, you'll get a credit for the difference in months there to align the renewal dates. But yeah, I'll send that over and then if you do want to move forward with that because let me know. And then if you have any questions or anything like that you have my number. So
Andrew Meggs: Any other things you guys wanted to go over or discuss?
Rj Silva: Jimmy Jimmy, up to
Jim Lion: New to the zoom thing. Speaking of new as someone who's never seen a demo before. I don't what I've you know, help me understand how that was a negative score relative to the base.
Gregg Laroche: I wish I could explain that to you. That's one of the dots greatest mysteries is that they start you off with a negative 2 o 5. I think as you're starting score or a nest 800. So you start with a negative 2 0 5 and then you get points. You get 1 3 or 5 points for each control you implement. And if you implement them all, you end up with a score of positive 100 and ten, which oddly corresponds to the number of controls, but has nothing to do with the number of controls. So yeah. I'll figure out
Jim Lion: In the way in in procurement and the selling?
Jim Lion: The sales pitch was it got you to 90 or something by default without doing anything. So like I'm struggling to see why that's even possible. Even if you just said, no we only get a one for everything. That's not
Jim Lion: Handled by virtue of using PreVeil
Gregg Laroche: Yeah. Again, there's no partial credit. So and a lot of the controls have shared responsibilities. So in the case where you have a control that has a technical requirement and a process requirement, then you need a document and a technology. So the technology PreVeil covers that aspect of the control. Let's say it's a 5 point control and it has 6 objectives. PreVeil may cover 3 of the 6 objectives. And then there may be a training objective that PreVeil doesn't cover. And then there may be a document required that PreVeil doesn't cover. And we give you an example of it an accelerator, but we don't give it to you in the product. It's not built into the PreVeil experience, right? It's something you have to have. And then you add all and you meet all 6 objectives. Now you give yourself the 5 points, right? Okay. Yeah. Cool. That's how it works. It's kind of backwards, but that's how it works. Yeah. No, that's
Jim Lion: That's a help. I mean, still sounds like a pretty good lift and
Gregg Laroche: We contribute to 102 of the 110 controls, but we don't cover them all because we have there are they have objectives that we don't cover. So but we give you a good head start. That's basically what we do, but we handle the technology aspects. Not the people in process aspects. That's what accelerates for all that stuff. Yeah.
Andrew Meggs: I do have another meeting to hop on to right after this, but I will send all this over and let me know if you want to move forward with it or if you need anything else. Otherwise, yeah, I very much appreciate everyone hopping on a call with us this morning and Greg as usual. Thank you so much for your time. And I hope you all have a great great rest of your day and stay warm out there. Thanks, everyone, appreciate, seeing everybody.
Leonard Nelson: Bye, bye. Bye.