Account: Weldaloy
Call Date: 2025-12-05
Duration: 00:29:30
Participants: Robin Barrow, Drew Kelly, John Varilek

======================================================================

Robin Barrow: So
Robin Barrow: Turn my camera on here. Hi, John. How are you? Lovely good Robin. How are you? In New England? I'm doing well.
John Varilek: It's cold here in Michigan.
Robin Barrow: So
John Varilek: It was like 5 degrees this morning.
Robin Barrow: Oh, jeez. It was. We had 18 but it wasn't 5. That's for sure. We went and it was freezing the wind. It's not
John Varilek: Do you all got snow?
Robin Barrow: No, we're not like, flurries, but it's because we're on the coast. We never get snow. It's sad. Yeah. Yeah.
John Varilek: I actually would rather have snow than just brown.
Robin Barrow: That's yeah. Like training and it's been discussing and now it's just
Robin Barrow: It's gray and brown. It's this sounds out today. So I'm grateful for that, which I never thought. But like, I'm supposed to go to this Christmas thing with my nieces. And I'm like, I'm all set going to situate in Massachusetts because it's gonna be 18 degrees. And yeah, they're gonna last like 4 minutes.
John Varilek: Yeah. Right.
John Varilek: Well, we're making I live on a lake and this time of year. If it's gonna be cold. I just wanted to stay cold because then you get ice on the lake and it's it's enough to where you can go out and icefish or I take my dog on long walks on the lake. It's kind of awesome to be out. A nice.
Robin Barrow: Yeah. My dad. He's actually really big into ice fishing. So he's he's excited. The temperature is dropping.
John Varilek: We're making nice.
Robin Barrow: Yeah, he's he's like all right. Good. I'm fine with it.
Robin Barrow: But yeah. How's everything going for Tara? This is your 90 day check in?
John Varilek: Yeah. So honestly, I've been pretty removed from it. I've been kind of pinging Drew every once in a while saying, hey, how's it going? I think they're going slow.
Robin Barrow: Okay.
John Varilek: At this point in time that secondary license that we quoted for Drew. He passed on that. Okay. We can bring it up again next year or whatever, but okay. Yeah. My best
John Varilek: Inclination is that they're kind of going slow with it. Yeah. And I mean, which is okay, you can only go as fast as the client wants to go.
Robin Barrow: Right. I see like if I'm looking
Robin Barrow: To make sure I have the right.
Robin Barrow: I want to make sure I have the right domain.
Robin Barrow: They are on my list. To be completely honest with you. We the way we do track it is based on usage. So we have them in our. I don't know, call it like their natty list, but it kinda is that way they're not using it as much as they paid for. Yeah. I do see.
Robin Barrow: You all at 3 users. There's several express accounts, which tells me that they invited but didn't accept. So like they maybe they made the free account and didn't accept it. But let me just take a look.
Robin Barrow: Yeah. And how let me clarify how many they act.
Robin Barrow: John is pulling up their contract.
Robin Barrow: Okay. They're at the user count. Oh, here's true. Now, he's in the waiting room.
John Varilek: Okay. Yeah.
Robin Barrow: Hi Drew. How are you?
DrewKelly: Sorry, can you hear me Robin?
Robin Barrow: Yes. I can.
DrewKelly: There we go. All right. Thank you.
DrewKelly: We just wrapped up a
DrewKelly: A 9,100 audit that I had a part up. So
DrewKelly: You pass? No findings. Awesome.
Robin Barrow: That's
DrewKelly: Pretty neat. We have we've been certified for a little while now. So it was
DrewKelly: Good. Sorry, I know it's hard to see me, but no, you're fine with Andreas as well. So sorry for being tardy, but I know this is the 90 day check in
Robin Barrow: Yes. Yeah. And we were just we jumped ahead a little bit. I was just taking a look at your current usage you all. You have 3 users in the system, which is what your license for. I'm not sure if you all have gotten any use of the accelerator, which you also have access to. But yeah, yeah. I see you're in the system. I just I wasn't aware of how much you're actually using it.
DrewKelly: Yeah. We've been actually probably using the accelerator the most to go through the tutorial videos and kind of get that lined up, pretty helpful. I guess some feedback for you. You meaning PreVeil, yeah. I think the videos are pretty well done. There. I don't know how much more exciting you can make compliance videos.
DrewKelly: But for what they are. They're pretty good. The only thing I'll mention is like I think explaining that they should be in tandem with the standard helps for example, the scoping video, Robin how familiar are you with the content?
Robin Barrow: Not as familiar as it should be if I'm being completely honest, but
Robin Barrow: You tell me what is the scoping? I just pulled it up. So is the video not matching the content or like, what the regulation should be? It needs to be updated?
DrewKelly: Not even that so much. It's like I hopped in and I was like, okay, these are awesome as far as what they are. And I was planning on leading them leading on them exclusively, but when I went read the standard there's a cms scoping standard and I just noticed there's some gaps between them. Okay. And I was kinda surprised just and maybe it's my own ignorance. That very well could be what it is. But just an observation there. And what do you do? I don't think you make a powerpoint with the entire standard and read it line by line. So I think to me walking into it. I thought that would be a very much kind of step by step. And it is in many ways. Again, it's a great resource. I think it was just understanding on my end between hey, this is something to the way I view it. Now, is this is the prime the pump so you're not reading the standard cold, but a very good introduction and warm up to be able to understand what's going on. And I think from that perspective, it's an excellent resource. I kind of went into it. Thinking it would be all encompassing. It appears to cover between 80 and 90%, which is so great. Again, that's so far. I haven't been through all of it yet. So just a note on that. The other thing too I didn't get a couple of questions answered when I send an email. It was helpful. I think um
DrewKelly: I don't know. There hasn't been too many questions yet. I think I have like 3 or 4 and it was just uh
DrewKelly: I
DrewKelly: The answer the question. But it was kind of like, yeah, we don't do that next kind of more transactional and I guess I wasn't sure what to expect. But I know you your emails are professional courteous kind of a warm tone to them. And I understand you're probably more customer facing than the compliance experts who
Robin Barrow: Yeah. Yeah.
DrewKelly: Yeah. Yeah.
DrewKelly: So I would say there wasn't a lot of a bedside manner effort.
DrewKelly: And again, they weren't rude, but it was pretty tours and it's like, okay, I mean, I got my answer. So I for what it's worth.
Robin Barrow: From what I'm understanding it would've been like, we don't do that today, but here's some workarounds that other customers have done or said. Or this is how some even if they provide another example, which I tried to do. Again, if it was a tech team, sometimes, like you said
DrewKelly: Yeah.
Robin Barrow: Facing than them, but that's helpful feedback.
DrewKelly: Yeah, it wasn't horrible. I remember the question out. Again, just for a little bit of context. So we have an engineer who uses one of the design programs and he asked me a question. It was basically when he opens the program is is it protected then if he sits in the PreVeil thing and I'm like, you know what when it's actually open. I'm not sure. So let me just clarify and I asked that. And it was basically it came across like, well, you should have known that type thing. It's like, well, I didn't that's why I'm asking. Again, it wasn't horrible. I've had other people who have been horrible on that with your organization. But just a little twist, I'm like, hey, you know what? I understand why that's confusing something to soften it. But it was again, it didn't put me off too bad, but it was like, wow. Okay. We were getting right to the point
John Varilek: Well, I'm assuming the answer to your question was no, it's not protected when it's open. It's only when you store it, correct?
DrewKelly: Close, it was PreVeil. Only guards it at rest. Yeah. And the rest is protected under the other parts of the standard which you have to implement.
Robin Barrow: That point
DrewKelly: Yeah. Again, we're now trying to figure it out. So yeah. Right.
Robin Barrow: No. That's helpful feedback. Honestly, I'm surprised it came from the compliance team because to be honest, they have these questions all the time and they usually handle them with care because we the way our marketing approaches. And obviously, how you were probably sold is that we share 102 of the controls, which in our understanding is like, okay, share is a loaded word, right? Like we provide a software. We address a lot of these controls, but a lot of the work does come from you all and then also the remaining controls around endpoints. And how do you project your devices in your network and everything like that? So it's a beast like it is 10 C level 2 is best. But again, I'm surprised it came from the compliance team, but that's helpful feedback. So we can be like, hey, let's address these questions a little more carefully.
DrewKelly: Yeah. Let me I'm not trying to make a mountain hill was not horrible. Let let me give an analogy. I think it'll make it clear. So sometimes I write programs and scripts. So there's a thing called stack overflow where programmers can go and ask questions and you're talking to software engineers. They get really to the point really quick. Yes. Yeah. And it felt like one of those answers as opposed to you said, like a compliance person or something like that. So yeah. Yeah. I wasn't the end of the world. It was just like, wow. Okay. The tone was like, I see where we're at. And yeah, again, it's nothing we're not upset about it or anything like that. Just this is this feedback.
Robin Barrow: Thank you so much.
DrewKelly: Yeah. The other thing that would help help us and I don't know if it's something you can do. Let me explain our problem and then maybe you have a solution or
DrewKelly: So a lot of what the standard talks about is training training training and specifically, the PreVeil how to use it. So we have a skills matrix internally. And what I'm planning on doing is saying, okay, for people who access the UI, they have to have this skill now, internally, what I've done over the last year is created a bunch of tutorial videos on our ERP system. So you guys appear to have pretty good videos. Quality is pretty high all itself. So I'm trying to figure out which ones I can just pull and use internally for our skills matrix to explain how to use it. I found a couple, but oh, and here's another one. I think in the original demo, which wasn't you. I forget the gentleman's name who did it? it doesn't matter, but he showed how oh yeah you can send links to share files or whatever. And I put in a question saying, hey, where's that video? So I can just use those internally to train our folks. And that was another one where I got kind of a terse answer. And I mean I don't have a video. I'm not sure if it exists. But if there was like, a specific section where it's like, hey, guys, these are the ones we recommend to train your internal folks, how to do it. I think I found 3 of them. That appeared to be ones where I could relay. I'm not gonna give the scoping video to our end users, right?
DrewKelly: They don't care that's on us, but some of the actual like, functionality parts there was 3 good ones, but I feel like upfront we were showing a bunch of different features that you could do with it. And then I could only find a select subset of videos that aren't comprehensive and all the things that you can do. Okay. I'm trying to find so that I can turn around and train our people with it. Does that make sense Robin?
Robin Barrow: It does. I so you what you probably have access to is our email and drive videos. They're very short. Okay. And then we have our standard user guide. I believe I should have shared that with you in our initial call, but if not I can which is like written out. This is how you use product. Again, it's pretty short. I'll send that over regardless if you don't have it. And then we have another video, which I know you don't have is called. It's like our what is cms, why is it important made for staff and how why they need to handle? So you I don't know if that's necessary for you because it's specifically around per bail?
DrewKelly: It would this I'm trying to put it altogether right now. Yeah. Then, it's literally for the effort I put in for our ERP system and some other stuff over the course last year, how many videos you think we got on various 8. Oh, we are way more than that. Like extensive where we put it together, the whole screen. Walkthrough is full script that has been edited a whole bunch of times AI voice and all that stuff. I mean, they're pretty robust and we've been trying the whole organization with it. That's why when I saw these videos, I'm hoping to not have to reinvent the wheel on that. So if you have ones that even if you think it might possibly help us with the endusers, please send it over. And that will help ingrain your product with us, even more
Robin Barrow: Right. Absolutely. Yeah, I can send that over. I want to just as it's available to you can get a one on one training with your staff with technical support team. I know you're creating a training stack. So this wouldn't be important for that. But if you're you feel as though your team could be trained up more just like for any kind of purpose. You can set up a session with them for 30 minutes and they can rip through the platform. I always recommend that to the folks that you feel as though are not super tech savvy and that sort of thing. But regardless, let me go see if I can find a more in depth video for you all. Okay.
DrewKelly: I think our strategy right now. We've got a couple of things going on at the same time. So we're wrapping up another major initiative, which was we had to get everyone to the new version of our ERP system and we're just wrapping up that effort like now. Okay. We haven't been in PreVeil nearly as much as I anticipated, but as soon as this falls off, meaning the ERP stuff is we're gonna be spending a lot more time in this. But Andreas and I have spent a lot of time going through the initial videos and printing out some of the stuff and I don't know how many hours you think we got in it. I think I got 40 hours. Easy, easy. Yeah. I think it's like each of us both have about 40 hours in video. Watch me.
Robin Barrow: In the accelerator and the platform?
DrewKelly: Yeah. I think watching video that's exaggerating it, but we've been through most of them, but then printing it out reading the standard reading, the scoping document, preparing our scoping document. I mean, we're yeah, I think that oh, the other thing which is an enormous effort, which I think is good feedback for you guys too, is the Microsoft kind of step by step on what to tie out. That was a huge, huge boom, that is it. Luckily we had the majority of it already implemented, but that was answered a ton of questions. So whoever's idea that was please go pat them on the back on our behalf. I'm sure the idea Robin I'm sure it was all you.
Robin Barrow: But it's I know it was Eric he's on our sales team. He says it's our number one question that was asked by majority of our customers that come through. He's been with PreVeil for like 7 years now. So yeah. He was the one that was like we need this and then our components team went ahead and created it.
DrewKelly: Yeah. So imagine us doing cartwheels and high filing each other and Fis pumping, because that was awesome. I'll definitely
Robin Barrow: Let him know. Yeah.
DrewKelly: That was fantastic. The other thing, which I don't think you guys are gonna redo the videos anytime soon. If you do this is a minor criticism very minor. It's a lot of just reading the slides. Yes. And that's cool and all but sometimes it's like, okay. Like
Robin Barrow: Boring.
DrewKelly: Yeah. Yeah. And again, with the material, I don't think you're making a top gun movie out of it, but you know, sometimes the blind reading the slides, it's kind of like, okay, wow. Yeah, another minor thing. Do you I mean, do you mind I'm assuming you want to hear? I
Robin Barrow: I don't know. No, of course. Yeah, that's what these 90 day check ins are for. I do have I just want to leave a little bit tax. I just want to have like, updates and things to look forward to, but
DrewKelly: Yeah. Other minor thing. Some for some reason okay, when I watch the video I go full screen that after thing where you preview the documents? Because here, okay. Let's just focus in on the scoping document. Yeah. I watched that video, like 2 or 3 times. I don't need the slides read to me again and I don't know if I can't download the powerpoint or to watch it in the screen. It'll only go so vague something new with the LMS system. So I end up going back to the video and just kind of dragging the bar to see where I can get. It's just kind of weird when you want to go through the video to or go through the slide deck and that there's something weird with the documents there that's going on. And so
Robin Barrow: That is bizarre. That's actually is one of my updates is that we're probably gonna switch our LMS that we're using. Obviously, we will give you all a fair warning and it will you won't notice the big difference, the one thing I will say. If you really love your progression that you've made on some. Okay, great. Talent LMS has been very good to us, but we it's just we're getting too big as far as the standard. So I think eventually you were going to switch LMS. And then we're also incorporating some sort of LLC into it where it's like, give me some documentation writing help me format formulate like, an SOP that sort of thing. That's like way further down line. But yeah, we need something that's a little more robust, especially with what we're dealing with and these new standards. Another thing I'll mention you probably got spanned with it. We released a GRC tool. I don't know if you're familiar with that governance. Risk and compliance tool that helps you track your progression towards cms level 2. So once you start with
DrewKelly: Something sorry, we have an open quote with or something.
Robin Barrow: Oh, you do? I think you do. Yeah. You're familiar with that that's fairly new and we're always discounting so I can update that quote for you. And yeah, we are also for the PreVeil platform, we are moving towards a more of a one drive approach. So right now our biggest concern with some of our customers is that it PreVeil if you get really heavy in the platform, it takes up some local storage because you're syncing down your files. Whereas if we're moving to more of a one drive approach again, it's gonna take up less local storage. So and we'll sound the alarms before that happens. We'll set up training. We won't just switch you all over with a warning. We're hoping to see that closer to the first half of the year. I want to say the end of January, but you know, how these things go? Sometimes. Yeah, those are and we're coming up with more dashboards and just making the platform better in general. But now, as far as the compliance accelerator, we realize like a lot of our customers come to us for that, so we just want to get make it better.
DrewKelly: For sure. Yeah, I think that's good to know those updates once you have anything you want to
DrewKelly: Right. I think the the way you can make our life easier in the short term is, hey, Drew, here's end user facing videos. And that way because I don't know what I don't know. And like, I found 3 of them and I'm like, is this it seems like there's more, but I just I don't know where to look and I'm looking. But does that mean the LMS? It's kind of weird to navigate and all that stuff and there's just a lot there. So to be able to push that out on my own, it would just be helpful, hey, Drew, based on what you're trying to do, here's the 3 videos. Here's the document. Outside of that. It gets more administrator type stuff.
Robin Barrow: Yes. Yeah. It's
DrewKelly: Not worth it. And I'm okay with that. Just I don't know what I don't know.
Robin Barrow: Right. No. Happy to provide what I have. And and if we don't have it, our marketing team is really quick on putting those AI videos together. So maybe they just need to make one. So we can see what we can do.
DrewKelly: Yeah, I mean, let's face it. I can't be the only customer who wants that.
Robin Barrow: Right. No. Absolutely, not. No.
DrewKelly: And then I think the G R C I know we did get a quote on that. We'll see when I couldn't tell if it was a separate paid thing or just the way the videos go. It's like, oh, yeah, there's a grand. I'm like, oh, okay. Well how do I get access to it's a paid product. I didn't realize that. So there there may or may not be interested in it. I know we're doing back and forth. And just when like I said when the ERP rollover finishes up, which should be this month is we're gonna be diving head first a lot more into it and that may or may not be a value to us. Right? The second
Robin Barrow: No, of course. And it's here for you if you need it.
DrewKelly: Okay. Fantastic. I guess do you have any questions from us? I think you wanted feedback. I think we provided some yeah. And as far as where we're at and the grand scheme of things, we're wrapping up the scoping part. But we did preview, I think about half the videos or so a little bit more and a lot of it was just trying to figure out navigation and stuff like that. So
Robin Barrow: Any yeah. That was really all I needed. John if you don't mind just hanging back for a moment on this call.
Robin Barrow: But yeah, that's really all I had if you have anything.
John Varilek: Yeah, I'm actually pretty encouraged about you guys. How much time you guys have actually put into it so far. I understand with your ERP project that kind of takes priority. But yeah. No it sounds like you're you're diving in and that's I think the feedback was great. Honestly, Drew, I think that's the kind of stuff that companies like PreVeil, wanna hear how to get better.
DrewKelly: Yeah. I appreciate that. Good stuff. Just polish men. Just polish.
Robin Barrow: 100%. Thank you. We appreciate it.
DrewKelly: For sure. Thanks guys. Alright, bye. Bye. Bye.
Robin Barrow: I just wanted to clarify I didn't share pricing with Drew on the GRC because you are the reseller. So I just want to say I haven't shared a quote with him. I
John Varilek: Send it over to him and he okay. Will have to just re quote if he wants it. Okay. But it's that's not a big deal. Um
Robin Barrow: So I'll probably do a different pricing than us, which is fine, but I just wanted to clarify. No pricing was shared. Oh, no.
John Varilek: No, no. I'm not worried about that. Honestly. Okay. We're good. Robin.
Robin Barrow: All right. I was
John Varilek: Actually a good call. He's he's an interesting cat. Right. Right. He's a all one more thing kind of guy. I bet you negotiating a big contract with him would be like excruciating
Robin Barrow: Correct. Good. I appreciate people that PO PO beforehand because you would be surprised how many times we have customers that don't do their due diligence and then they come in. And I love our sales team very much, but they'll come in and they have a ton of questions with me and they're like, I'm like, oh, why wasn't this discussed beforehand? Yeah. Yeah, no. I I appreciate it. So I like that. He and that's like our biggest thing. You be surprised also how many 90 day check ins that customers blow off because they're like, yeah, we're good. Whatever. What's this product? So
John Varilek: Well, like I said, I am encouraged. I mean, they're yeah. They're trying to to learn and to come up to speed in. Yeah, I think that's all good.
Robin Barrow: Yeah. I was happy with that. So I'm gonna take all that feedback, give it back to our marketing team and our compliance team. Honestly. Yeah. I know who we spoke with. I can see it from the history. Robert onto is from our tech team. He is again, he's one of our best guys because he's quick and he's efficient, but he is to the point he does not trigger code. He does not. Yeah, he's very
John Varilek: I didn't take too much concern about that. I've worked around technical people and the and sometimes they're just not very polished they don't mean to be harsh. But that's just their way of doing things.
Robin Barrow: Yeah. And I appreciate Robert so much because sometimes he pulls me back. So I'll over think things and he'll be like, no, it's actually just really this black and white. I'm like okay. Yeah. And that's why I'm here to be that publish person. Talk to
John Varilek: The customer oh, believe me. I'm more than anybody. Appreciate brevity. I hate when somebody takes me all the way around the block I can say something in a sentence and it took them 5 paragraphs to say it, you know. Yes, I get it. But yeah. I mean, again, it's just a customer service one on one and being pleasant. Yeah, and approachable and friendly is like job one.
Robin Barrow: Job. Yeah. I've been on both. I'm mainly was in sales customer facing and then now I'm in customer success and support, yeah.
Robin Barrow: Yeah, exactly. Exactly.
John Varilek: All right. Well, thank you. I think this is a good call and yeah, let me know if anything comes up and if we need to jump on another call.
Robin Barrow: All right. Sounds good. I'm gonna send them over a follow up and I'll CC you just so you can see it. Sure with the information, but yeah. No, thank you so much and thanks for bringing them up.
John Varilek: No problem. See you Robin.
Robin Barrow: Bye. Have a great day.