Account: West Coast Computer Solutions
Call Date: 2026-01-05
Duration: 00:36:15
Participants: Robin Barrow

======================================================================

Robin Barrow: Hi, Alex. How are you? Hi, Matt.
Robin Barrow: Hello. How are you doing?
Mat Dalton: Good.
Mat Dalton: Let me see if any else buddy else is gonna jump on here kind of, okay. Frustrated, they're not on
Mat Dalton: Um
Mat Dalton: Close
Mat Dalton: Phillip.
Mat Dalton: Review meeting.
Mat Dalton: If I could type
Mat Dalton: Me one second. I want to send out the link. I don't know why they're not on it.
Robin Barrow: No worries.
Mat Dalton: Okay. Let me ask you if you let me tell you what we're at and see if you can help us out.
Robin Barrow: Sure.
Mat Dalton: So what the goal of this phone call is we're selling PreVeil. Yes. So which is good, right. Yeah. We're doing a bunch of CCMC roll outs and we've only done one so far. And the goal is for us to support the client 99% of the time. So we can do a roll out with PreVeil and our client. But then let's for argument's sake, say we have 10 of them. The theory behind that would be we wouldn't need Robin for 10 times because Robin has other things that she would be doing. I mean, right, I guess you could. But that just seems silly to me redundant. Yeah. Yeah, there you go. So the goal is for us to make sure that we know what the we're doing. We've got to run we're gonna run it out for this roll it out for the second time today for Temecula precision next week. Gonna be doing tooling and then the next one and the next one. So
Mat Dalton: What can you do to help us? So we don't keep bugging you.
Robin Barrow: Sure. I guess I'll start out. Usually, we used to do these welcome calls. I have a lot of partners. So like, Robin, let's skip the welcome call. Like you said, it just seems redundant. I want to share a couple of things with you just to see if they can help you out at all. Have you gone to our partner portal yet?
Mat Dalton: I probably have but I don't I haven't rolled I haven't worked on this. Um
Mat Dalton: In quite a while. But yeah. This is what happened was. Go ahead. I'm sorry.
Robin Barrow: No. I was gonna say this is fairly new so you might not have so. Okay. Yeah. I was going to say this is where majority of our partners now go to, it just has all the helpful videos, email and drive, what is it, compliance, accelerator? How do you achieve? It would PreVeil it if it's necessary and I'm gonna let Philip in as well.
Mat Dalton: Can you send a link to that? I can see it says partner resources, but can you throw it in the
Robin Barrow: Chat. Yeah, of course. It also has all the helpful one pagers that you would need guides. Additionally, we have a couple of templates that you may need just for your purposes and your branding if you needed it. But I can also provide you we're working on a new customer guide for our partners. So I can share you an example that we have. I'm gonna be honest with you. It's very chat BT generated. So it's it's helpful, but it's emojis.
Mat Dalton: No. And that's fine. I mean, I just put what I call a cms meeting pitch. So it's from chat get. So in theory, I walk in I say it's simple. If you're a supply chain, metal, fabrication cms is no longer an option. And then I go into my little spiel.
Mat Dalton: In that spiel. I want to say we move you instead of going through GCC High to accomplish these things. We use this. Fantastic company and Robin is awesome over at PreVeil. So that's the goal. And then I tell Alex because he's the installer or Philip. I need you to roll that out and they jump on that and roll it out. And then we go from there. That was and I don't want to make sure I stay on track. So that's the first thing I'm trying to accomplish. And then the second thing I'm trying to accomplish this morning is understanding the documents which you call PreVeil advanced. Is that what you call it?
Robin Barrow: Accelerator.
Mat Dalton: Accelerator. Okay.
Robin Barrow: And I can show you what that looks like. But yeah, these resources are great. I can even put together like, a quick slide for you or something, a deck whatever on me. So you can just say here's Robin, here's her email. This is our contact information. This is gonna be your main point of contact at PreVeil if you need. I don't know if you want your customers to have that if you want them to to go to you.
Mat Dalton: I would rather them because they're on a contract for IT support they're on a contract for my presentation. So in theory, we're they're a one stop shop. And then if we have a problem, then it's escalated to Robin
Robin Barrow: Okay. Then we don't have to do that. But I'll send over additional resources outside that live outside of this partner resources just for the jumping off point.
Mat Dalton: Okay. One thing.
Robin Barrow: When you do sign a new deal, who is your rep?
Mat Dalton: Marco
Robin Barrow: Marco. Okay. When Marco closes a deal, I would just and then I can send this to him too. But if you all bring a new customer on just make sure you're always the main point of contact on the account because we sent all the welcome emails are automated. So that blast out
Mat Dalton: Yeah. It already happened and my clients are like who the? not who the, but what that means. And then I guess there was a PreVeil email in the encrypted and my guys. What does that mean? I'm like, hey, we're gonna roll it out at 2. We'll worry about it then.
Robin Barrow: Yeah. That's I was gonna say just make sure that. And I'll like I said, I'll tell Marco to any new deals only go to you the welcome email. You'll still get them and again, they're going to get redundant, but that is the first step, I would say
Robin Barrow: You're skipping the call with me.
Robin Barrow: No. We I don't know if do you want them to go through support?
Robin Barrow: What onboarding training?
Mat Dalton: Yeah. I mean, does is there we're doing it at 2 today? Okay. I want to do I need to go on site and pick up a bunch of checks. So that's one of the reasons we're doing it. Okay. And then like I said, they received an email from PreVeil. It says it's encrypted. They don't know how to get it. So I have to jump on that. I silly question you wouldn't be available to would you
Robin Barrow: Let me just see.
Robin Barrow: Yeah, I could jump on.
Mat Dalton: That would be
Robin Barrow: You guys are central time assuming because it's 2 40 now.
Mat Dalton: It's no, we're not central. We're Pacific. I mean, oh, my gosh.
Robin Barrow: Welcome to Monday. Yeah, Pacific. Okay. Yeah. And let me see who you're who they are meeting with and yourself. Do you know who you're meeting with?
Mat Dalton: A guy named Sean Craig.
Robin Barrow: That's not us.
Mat Dalton: What do you mean? It's not us.
Mat Dalton: Are you talking about the business?
Robin Barrow: Yeah. Sorry.
Mat Dalton: Temecula precision. No, no. Um
Robin Barrow: You're meeting with them, but you're not are you doing
Robin Barrow: I was under the impression you're doing a full on training.
Robin Barrow: With our technical support team.
Mat Dalton: No, we're trying to get rid of that. We're trying to be the full on.
Robin Barrow: Okay.
Mat Dalton: People that yes, we're trying to be the trainer, okay. There's honestly in theory. There's not a whole lot to it. I don't mean to say it in a negative way, but we create the extra mailbox. We tell them where to share and boom, there it is for the most. Would you agree?
Robin Barrow: Yeah. It's fairly simple. Are you gonna be the admin on all accounts?
Mat Dalton: I would like to be or have an admin account or something. I think it's 20 bucks to have an admin account.
Robin Barrow: Yeah. But as a partner, you get a free one. So yeah, you can have an admin account. Are you gonna have a separate email for each of these companies that you have on with them?
Mat Dalton: If I need to I mean we can there. Yeah, I guess if we need to in theory we wouldn't need to would we
Robin Barrow: No. You don't. I was just saying
Robin Barrow: If you want to have an admin with your current email, you would only be able to do it for like one or 2 customers. So
Mat Dalton: Something just helpful. We'll just steal one of their passwords or something. It's okay. One of the things that's confusing to me and I hate to bring it up because I talked to Marco and somebody else about it. There just doesn't seem to be like a partner portal where we can log in and see all of our clients and manage them. And when I signed up to be a partner and again, the negative I assumed you guys were everybody else and I know that sounds Erica or as
Robin Barrow: Holistic.
Mat Dalton: Yeah, I assume there was a partner portal and like, every single one of our clients. I mean, even we sell internet, we go in to our front tier account, we can see who we support. It's seems they said they're working on it, I guess. But it just seemed like it wasn't
Robin Barrow: That. Yeah, what I've learned in the encryption world, it's another extra layer, just because if you have access to multiple clients at once, there's an it's an imaginary bridge between clients. So for cms, it gets really hairy. So that's why it's taken us a long to create a partner portal. So what you that's why I always suggest if you have I can show you what it would look like. Again, it's not gonna be clean as a partner portal where you just get one dashboard and it's a beautiful view. But what you could do and let me just see if I can get into my real quick. If you have a separate email for each client. Again, I know that's messy. But you can have
Robin Barrow: This view.
Mat Dalton: You by far know more than anybody I've talked to so far. So that's
Robin Barrow: That's good, I guess kind of scary, but that's good. Um
Robin Barrow: You can so see how I have 2 accounts underneath here.
Mat Dalton: Yeah.
Robin Barrow: You can add account. So you'll be able to like, okay, this is one customer, this is my other customer you can add account, but you would have to have separate emails for each account.
Mat Dalton: Now, that would cost how would that it would cost nothing from your side. But I would need a $5 Microsoft account on the domain name.
Robin Barrow: Yeah. Yes. With their domain and
Mat Dalton: I can make them spend 5 bucks. That's fine.
Robin Barrow: Okay. That's one way to do it. Hopefully it's as easy as it sounds. But again, you're still it's not gonna be like, this is how many users on are in here. You can see based on the admin view, you'll be able to see
Robin Barrow: A dashboard, you'll see the number of users that you have. Um
Mat Dalton: We already doing way better than what we've we're told. So this is
Philip C: Yeah, yeah. That's awesome.
Robin Barrow: Okay. Yeah, you'll still see. But it's again, it's going to be for each separate customer. So it's not like you get one.
Robin Barrow: Okay. We're creating an admin dashboard. That's maybe what Marco meant. Whereas you're gonna see activity logs on one screen. You're gonna be able to see who's involved in your trusted communities. What are your approval groups look like in one view rather than having to click through it. You're also gonna be able to have a watch feature which is available, but it's not it's not ready yet, I would say, but what the watch feature would say is that you could watch an employee and see what they're doing, who they're sharing, documentation out to and see like, their trail of activity if you wanted to. Or if you want to watch one specific document, you can do that.
Mat Dalton: One one other thing is, we want to get 4 of us going with PreVeil because we want to be able to promote our business as we're CC compliant. Yeah. When I look at my login, I just see male and drive. So I think I must have a free account.
Robin Barrow: Do you see let me just see if I can pull it up. When you look at your screen, do you see an express by the PreVeil key? Yeah, I do. Okay. So then yeah, you have a free account right now. So you need you would need to upgrade your account. Now, that would be an additional cost because and I actually suggest doing this because you're creating your own org, right? I can ask Marco or someone from maybe Marcos boss to see if we can just get you up and running with a regular account.
Mat Dalton: I think the other guy. I talked to the first well, Sam maybe I think he said that was possible. He said there was 2 things that were possible. One is not to have to charge the 5 50 every time if we're not gonna use you to do the install. And that's something I can worry about on the other side. Yeah. And then to get us some accounts. So we can get because if we're using it, we're gonna understand it and we're gonna be able to sell it. You know what I mean? Because if we like to look at it when we go on site, it's gonna be like where the what do we do?
Robin Barrow: Yeah. No. And honestly, your view would be better if you have your own personal account because you could have your account and then all the sub accounts underneath. So like, your main account. Yeah, let me see if I can get. I'm gonna talk to Marco because I might have to go back to him. See if we can get some pricing for you all and you would only need like 3 users, probably.
Mat Dalton: Yeah, 3 or four, but whatever. I mean, we don't yeah. I'm not I mean, 3 would be terrific. 4 would be awesome. But if we have to pay for something we will just the hopefully the return on this is gonna be we've been trying to sell cms and NIST for 3 years.
Robin Barrow: Oh, well then this will
Robin Barrow: Email PreVeil the actual PreVeil platform. It's pretty simple email drive. That's a function. It's encrypted on to the way it works. It's encryption keys installed on your device. So that's when you're going to go see the client today.
Robin Barrow: Do you manage all their installs?
Mat Dalton: This one's a little different because they already signed a contract that they're getting out of. So we have other but everybody else we do all of it. And we will eventually get all of this one so that there's that's a little bit of a challenge, but we should have admin rights to most things.
Robin Barrow: Okay. All right. Yeah. That I was gonna say you'll have to install PreVeil on each of the device that for the users that are gonna use PreVeil. And did Marco explain this to you that it is encryption key. So you can't just it's software that's going to be hard installed on the computer?
Mat Dalton: I believe so. I think. Okay. Okay.
Robin Barrow: Okay. I want to make sure for this client might be a little difficult, but for the rest of clients, if you're managing installs, it will be super simple. I suggest for you all just for a training aspect. I think you should sit through one of PreVeil trainings. At the very least. That won't be with me. That will be someone from our technical team. I can send you over the link to book that. Just so they can rip through the platform. I can we can send over recordings as well. I want to let them Malcom in. Does that is that okay?
Mat Dalton: Yeah, yeah. Please do.
Robin Barrow: Okay. I I can send over recordings, but they're gonna be really high level. They're not gonna do an in depth one. But when you jump on with a technical support team member, they'll record the whole training. So then you can always just save it and go back to it. But the platform is really easy. Like you said, it's if you know how to use e mail and you know how to use some sort of dry. Function, you'll know how to use PreVeil, right? okay. That's the PreVeil platform. I want to go over to the compliance side.
Mat Dalton: So yeah, that was the big thing, too, is. Yeah, because all we know right now is hey, PreVeil has docs and then so that's not doing us any good.
Robin Barrow: Now. And I'll go over it. So this is the compliance accelerator. This is what we call our 10 step guide to getting compliant. It's really it takes you green. What is cms? Why isn't important all the way through? How do you get there? You're gonna go through. We tell our customers hey, if you're
Robin Barrow: Brand new to SMS start from the beginning. It's gonna rip through the whole cms process. Um
Robin Barrow: I'm sure Marco shared this, but would PreVeil we share 102 of the controls if you downloaded PreVeil and did nothing and walked away and didn't do any documentation or training your staff, you're meeting around 40 controls, the 2 comes in. That's why we say we share it because it includes the documentation and the some of the training around the actual platform.
Mat Dalton: What would be helpful for us? Because we're like I said, we're trying to be CC compliant as well. We could get 3 accounts and the accelerator package.
Robin Barrow: Yeah.
Mat Dalton: That would be ideal. We'll create our own org, like you have and then we'll be the admin there and then we can add the admin accounts inside there.
Robin Barrow: Yeah. For the you would just add an account for the other ones.
Mat Dalton: Yeah. Yeah.
Robin Barrow: So I'll definitely like I said, I might go back to Marco. So I'll have him connect with you and provide a quote for that. And yeah, if you go through the accelerator and say if you already know cms and you have a pretty basic understanding, did Marcel show you this?
Mat Dalton: He may have it would've been in. Let's just say November. Okay, actually. Yeah, I'm not sure. Philip, do you recall
Philip C: No. I haven't seen that. Okay.
Robin Barrow: Okay. What we did we took me a fake company and brought them through a full cms process. So this company
Robin Barrow: Score to one ten, just based on the documentation that we created. I don't like to call them templates because they're completely filled out the. Let me see if I can pull up the SP.
Robin Barrow: So if you look at the SP, it's 185 pages, it's a huge yeah. It's a large document. It is completely filled out all the way down to the version history, which is fake. We made it up. We also have signatures, but we had to completely fill it out because we actually brought this to A C 3 PO to review review and improve. Awesome.
Mat Dalton: Real quick on. So this let's just pretend that this documents off. All these documents are filled out correctly. Yes, and to pass then we would have to have the artifacts and the physical things that are done. That go with it. Yeah. And this thing is gonna tell us how to do that for this generic company, so to speak.
Robin Barrow: Yes. Yeah. Okay. So obviously if they probably have their own security infrastructure, you're gonna have to tweak the documentation to to meet their needs. But as you can see, the PreVeil language is gonna stay the same. Got your UI flow is gonna stay the same. Like we even went down to put in the documentation which lives in this docs package, but like, the file link that won't work for you.
Mat Dalton: Gotcha. Um
Robin Barrow: So that lives in the accelerator. Again, all of these are linked. You just have to triple click them. You're in a good spot and with this as well, because you all are working towards so that you might find this helpful and your clients get this to they get 6 30 minute sessions with our compliance team. You can book time with them right through here. That's any one off questions that you all have around your cms. As I've noticed. Every company is different everyone's attacking cms in a different way. Um
Robin Barrow: This is just to be like, hey, this is the way we're thinking about it. Is this the right way? so really any questions they can book time right through here, but they also have access to the compliance team. These are any one off questions they have? Don't count against their time.
Mat Dalton: Right. I mean, it's good if we sell them the excel program package. Yeah. But if we don't know how to use it doesn't do us any good.
Robin Barrow: No, no. Again, it's based out of a learning management system. So it's just a course base, but
Mat Dalton: We just don't want to say here's the website.
Robin Barrow: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It doesn't make sense. But okay. This, again, are you gonna be standing up your customers endpoints to
Mat Dalton: You said standing up. What do you mean by that?
Robin Barrow: I'm probably using the wrong language because I'm not very technical. But are you gonna be setting up their bit locker? They're
Mat Dalton: We're doing everything. Oh, you're doing it. They're not gonna do anything. We want our clients to cost when their mouse battery dies.
Robin Barrow: Okay. Okay. You're one stop shop. Okay. That you did mention that. Yeah. You all probably know all about this. I just like to show it. Sure. Are majority of your customers, Microsoft base. Yeah. Okay. This is just the endpoint configuration. It points to the controls that these products meet. It's super detailed. It even goes through on how to configure it.
Mat Dalton: So Philip and Malcom and my team is this are you guys following what I'm trying to get at is what we can look at. Now, I can look at this and say these are the things that it controls or Philip. Did we already know all this?
Philip C: I kind of know all this. Yeah.
Mat Dalton: Okay. But it's this is documented. We can see it, clearly and blah, blah, blah.
Robin Barrow: Okay. Yeah. So that like I said, that's accelerator. Um
Robin Barrow: If this is something you want for your own, great. And I can add your clients to to I'll just go back to Marco one product and of course, it's fairly new. I don't know if Marco mentioned it's not something that I don't believe your clients have today was the governance risk compliance tool.
Mat Dalton: No, I haven't heard that. Okay.
Robin Barrow: Or DC
Mat Dalton: Oh, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. He did the GRC because we have A G R C that from case. Yeah. Okay. And you the each client would have to use their own GRC right? We would have to sell that and then do everything inside their GRC
Robin Barrow: Yes. Yeah. That's the way it would work. I manage the admins for that. I also manage the admins for the accelerator. GRC tools if you've used one that you use them all. So
Mat Dalton: Is there a way to do it like you did with the management portal of the emails? So to speak? Is there if we sold all the GRC portals, we have to log into each one every time or is there a way to like, have a single login for us and we can see all of our clients in there?
Robin Barrow: I can ask I mean
Robin Barrow: The company we partnered with is kind of did that for us. So I don't know if we can have sub partner accounts within. I can ask
Mat Dalton: Because like with our GRC when we log in, we go to mobile doctor and we look at their HIPAA. Then we go to Temecula precision and we look at their cms. So that's what I was hoping PreVeil was set up that way and it turns out. It's not
Robin Barrow: It is not now, no. I just say if you think of encryption world is just another another layer of difficulty to make things in one spot. I don't know if that makes sense. Dashboards are more difficult because of compliance.
Mat Dalton: That makes sense. Yeah. Like a lot of this you're explaining way more. Much better. I'm finally getting a handle on it. Okay.
Robin Barrow: Okay. Good. Awesome. But yeah, I from my standpoint, like I said, I'm gonna go back to Marco and grab these. And make him send you a quote for you all to have your own account. I'm gonna send over some resources for you all for your company. Excuse me, your customer that you're supporting to see if we can skip the welcome call for sure. Happy to do that with your customers, just so it's not more redundant. And then I'm gonna send over a link just because I think you all should do at least one of your trainings on your own. Do I think we're gonna be able to support your customer today on a training, probably not, but I'm happy to chat with them.
Mat Dalton: Is fine. Yeah, yeah. I mean, if you can do that at 2:00 pm our time that would be great. But for the most part, they're not ready to use it anyway. Okay. We just want to get it in outlook. There was a outlook plugin that I didn't get to work, right? Or something. I can't recall, but it didn't work the way I wanted it to or something. Okay.
Robin Barrow: Do you have um
Robin Barrow: It might be the outlook version you're using.
Mat Dalton: Does it have to be classic or something like that?
Robin Barrow: It has yeah. It can't be the upgrade one. I can find out more on that. I have to get clarification.
Mat Dalton: We try to classic anyway.
Robin Barrow: Okay. Yeah, I think I believe it has to be classic and not the web version. Let me double check.
Mat Dalton: Okay.
Mat Dalton: Um
Robin Barrow: Yeah. And anything else I can help out with or
Philip C: Anything else? I had a question on the compliance accelerator spa particular with scoping. So you said it was fully filled out sent to an assessor?
Philip C: What is like the scope that the SP defines? is it an on cave approach where it's for workstations for, PreVeil accounts? so it's like, shared responsibility between Amy and PreVeil?
Robin Barrow: Let me see if I can pull it up.
Robin Barrow: It is. Yes, it is. On claim approach. Let me just see how many workstations and actually
Mat Dalton: That's what we're trying to do. We're trying to dummy proof this kis keep it simple stupid. We want to be able to
Mat Dalton: Create tickets in our ticketing system. So Philip says, I need enclave built. So he creates a ticket and one of my other techs goes out there and doesn't have to ask 10,000 dumb, ask questions and then can set it up. Put a firewall in, do whatever. And we're gonna do it at every other. Every client in theory, we can insist that we do it this way. 99% of the time everybody is different. But our goal is to wash went on repeat.
Robin Barrow: Okay. No, that makes it makes sense to me. But yeah, it's based on for workstations.
Mat Dalton: Okay. Love it. That's what we're looking at CAD machine, I guess the follow up question.
Philip C: To that Robin would be like. So for our organization, we probably don't want to have 4 workstations. We probably want one workstation that we would all connect to. Could we theoretically have PreVeil on on say Matt is UI? user one, I'm UI user 2. Could we access PreVeil from the same workstation? Assuming it's a different profile?
Philip C: Since it's within scope, where does it have one certificate per workstation?
Robin Barrow: The for cms, the access control, it's one certificate per workstation.
Mat Dalton: Maybe we could just set up. So if it's not a we don't have co, anyway.
Philip C: Right. Right.
Robin Barrow: But you could do that too. Yeah.
Robin Barrow: But I mean, for your if you're not actually managing or storing C UI, could you have one computer?
Robin Barrow: With multiple accounts, you could have you could use express accounts and do multi factor. Okay.
Philip C: Well, yeah. I mean, for us, since we're actually not ever gonna touch C. It's more of like this theoretical. We want the on plate to show an accessory. Yeah, we're ready to receive it would be only, but where are we accessing it through? We're access accessing it through this one workstation and only Matt has access or something. Yeah. Or Matt and myself. But it doesn't make sense to have to work hard and workstations unless of course there are MS to to access theoretical UI. But I guess use case most of our businesses are small businesses that maybe one or 2 people access UI to do different tasks so if they have one workstation, that has like, PU to do solid works and the other person is just accessing their PreVeil account. We don't want to pull their like, Mac book into scope. All they have to do is just access a file or share a file through PreVeil. We don't want that map put to be in scope. So then we're gonna have them basically use the remote the authorize remote access to this harden workstation where then they can then access PreVeil. But maybe they don't want to workstations if they're I just want to know a definitive answer. Like
Philip C: For instance, if we have the app, not the admin, but we have the person that deals with the contracting that does share the UI. We still want them to go through the enclave through the we'll say a workstation one. Yeah. But all they're doing is kind of like accessing PreVeil and sharing grabbing stuff. That's maybe stored locally on the workstation, but you know, the engineer who's accessing that same workstation through a different username. So we're following access control policies and protocols. But is he going to be able to access his PreVeil on his profile if you know, it? is that certificate stored in his store? Or is it? that was kind of my question.
Robin Barrow: Yeah. Um
Robin Barrow: I have to ask I don't want to give you an answer because I'm not sure on how that would if it's per device login or if it's per device. I want to say it's per device, but let me double check.
Robin Barrow: I know that's not a great answer. I'm sorry.
Mat Dalton: No, that's fine.
Philip C: No, no. But that's yeah. That's why I'm asking. Just I wasn't exactly sure how that worked. But in some cases, we're gonna have only 3 users that have 3 workstations already, but they don't want to use those. They don't want to bring those workstations into scope because they do 80% commercial business. Yes. And they don't want the harden restrictions of a workstation on cape workstation, so. Yeah, that was my
Robin Barrow: Question. We yeah. We that's what I was. I'm sorry, I didn't mean to interrupt you. I was gonna say we do have customers that I know of that use. One workstation for multiple users, but that's when PreVeil express comes into play. So if they're a view only if they're only viewing documents, not really editing. PreVeil express you would sub some them into your account and then you could do multi factor. So they would need to use their phone to scan a QR code get into the PreVeil express open up the document that was shared with them, view it and then close out. It's still secured end to end. And that's how some customers do multiple workstations. I mean, multiple users on one workstation, but let me ask to see what the
Robin Barrow: Best approach would be for that case.
Mat Dalton: Robin, I just want to say something to my team real quick, Philip. What I was thinking is we put in one of those little tiny HP servers, they could be on their own domain in the enclave and we could set some MS there to be the jump box. So we don't have to buy multiple. We wouldn't have to buy a server and a computer as a jump box. We could use the VM as a jump box.
Philip C: Does that make sense? Yeah, yeah. Yeah, I mean I
Philip C: Go ahead. But yeah, it's but then we have to harden the host. We have to harden we're gonna use a domain controller that has to be hardened and in every subsequent and after that.
Mat Dalton: Well once yeah. Anything in the on cave. I mean, the enclave can be its own domain.
Philip C: Yeah. No, no, for. That's for sure. But again, it's just more or less making the scope as small as possible. And I think that's why PreVeil. So awesome. Because it takes a lot of that responsibility of of basically hardening multiple endpoints bringing in all these logs. That's all there in the cloud. So if we can reduce what they have onsite, it makes our lives easier, but it's not always gonna be possible. Gotcha. I totally get like with to make their precision. There might be 5 users, 5 workstations that are gonna be in scope and that's it's kind of a low point at that point because we're gonna have to harden those. But I feel like it's from past experience. We've gotten so much resistance from like, hey, we're basically gonna install something like threat locker to they have to get apps authorized before us. We're gonna block everything by default, allow by exception as far as like, PS.
Mat Dalton: Right. Well, let's talk about this afterwards and then because yeah, let's just go back to the Robin this part, but I agree with you, but the answer is do you want to be CC compliant or you don't?
Mat Dalton: Anyway, I'm sorry. Robin can you no, you're good where we're at.
Robin Barrow: Now and it again, a lot of our customers ask these questions too. So I just want to make sure I get the clearest answer for you and can send it over. Great. So what else do you all need from me? And and any additional resources I can provide?
Mat Dalton: I think if we can get get with Marco and try to get a partner account with the Box and maybe even I mean, I don't know if I don't think we need the GRC maybe we could get a trial because we want to use our own GRC to manage our clients. Maybe we would use yours. I mean, but again, we have to know how to use it to sell it.
Robin Barrow: Yeah. Here I'm gonna stop recording. Give me one second.