Account: Zero Point USA
Call Date: 2025-12-04
Duration: 00:15:27
Participants: Zackary Gilman, Andrew Meggs, Kimberly Haymon

======================================================================

David Sanchez: So
David Sanchez: Hey Andrew. How's it going?
Andrew Meggs: Sorry, my allergies are going nuts. Hello right now, David. So if I turn my Mike off, it's because I'm saying yeah. Hi Kim as well. Um
Kim Haymon: Hello. How are you?
Andrew Meggs: Good. Good, good. Good, good. I appreciate you all hopping on a call also on the call is Zack gillman. He's a newer member of the customer success team. So he's shadowing me for a few days. If you want to say hi, Zach.
David Sanchez: Yeah. Great to meet you. Thanks for having Andrew.
Andrew Meggs: I'm getting getting better at acknowledging his existence on these calls. So yeah. I appreciate you all taking some time. Hopefully, this won't take too terribly long. This is mostly supposed to be just sort of informal check in call. You don't have to turn your camera on if you don't want to. There's no.
Andrew Meggs: But yeah. I do have a couple points to go over that are just my regular check in points on these, but before I get into it how are things with the with PreVeil or just in general? Or I know you all out of the tool as well. I want to check in on that. So yeah. How are things?
Kim Haymon: Well, David, do you want me to go first?
David Sanchez: Yeah, you can go first. Okay.
Kim Haymon: We have been going through the GRC tool and really just the process in itself. And then we're having to go back and meet with senior leadership just to ensure that our we're updating our processes and everything. We've come across as we've been doing that. Just things that we didn't think about asking originally such as with the user accounts and PreVeil, how we don't have that oversight of their drives or inboxes. So that being able to recovery recover a deleted item was a big concern. We're still kind of working through those pieces. And then just again, it's a lot with cms. So there's just some items that pop up and we just kinda get through them as we face them. David, do you have anything
David Sanchez: No, you covered most of the points is mostly everything's been going well. The only real issue is Kim said the just overall management of files and user inboxes since you know, that functionality is just not really built into PreVeil. I don't know if you guys have any road maps to work in some more oversight or if that's just how the core product will be permanently.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. So yes. And no.
Andrew Meggs: On some level, it's possible to already see any file changes or changes to inboxes or anything using the data export function. Administrators can export logs and see everything that's happening with their users. So that's technically functionality that you're able to do right now, but it does require a data export. We are planning and we have a project management meeting tomorrow morning and I'll get a little bit more detail. We are planning a big push towards our next big product update is cloud drive and part of that. I don't know if it'll be part of that.
Andrew Meggs: Release or right before, right? After we are also planning on implementing some what's the word I'm looking for improvements for the ability to for the admins to see what's going on in their organization. I won't be super granular being able to see your users emails. But admins will be able to better see exactly how much data their users have and stuff like that. It'll be a little bit more high level, but you'll have more insight into it than you do right now. And then to get into the granular exactly the logs. That would be with the data export I was talking about. But improving admin visibility into their own into your own users and data and whatnot is on the roadmap. Yes.
David Sanchez: Okay. Is there, I guess like file share functionality well, I know currently any user uploads files into their shared data pool. Then you have to share folders or files specifically with other users. Is there gonna be any functionality for just like, hey, it's like AZ drive in Vale?
Andrew Meggs: No. That's there's there's short answer, no. And that's more a feature than a bug. That's a feature of our the our security framework and philosophically we decided. We didn't want to do that to keep everything as secure as possible. So that's not really on the roadmap. I did wanna mention briefly you mentioned recovering deleted items. Our support team can recover anything that's been deleted over the past. I think it's 30 days. And if in the event you do need to recover something, our support team can do that just as an FY
David Sanchez: Okay. That's good to know.
Kim Haymon: Okay. Yeah. And that you said 30 days, because that is actually one of the things that's driving us to not store on PreVeil and to store separate and just use PreVeil for transmission. Which I don't know if this is something that you can bring up, but we are looking at that and that is kind of. That is gonna be when we evaluate this in annually. That will be something that will be listed as a a negative to continuing with PreVeil is because we don't have that oversight as an admin. Because we can go into the logs, yes. But we can't say, oh for example with insider threat or if there was collusion or something, we aren't able to say, hey, this item. This document from the contract was deleted and we know what it was. We know we can see what everyone has in there because there's no way for us to verify that what everyone has in their drive and PreVeil, they have a need to know and we know what they have. So if they were to delete that, we know what the item was, right? That's just so we're we've as a you know, what our decision has been is that we're going to keep everything off on a separate internal drive and just solely use PreVeil for transmission, which David and I are now rewriting to that in the GRC and separating it out.
Kim Haymon: So unfortunately, that would be something that would deter us for continuing to use PreVeil in the future.
Andrew Meggs: So what you're asking, just so I'm clear here because like I said in the product meeting is tomorrow. So I'll
Kim Haymon: Bug right. Perfect. You can explain it better than by all means.
Andrew Meggs: So you are looking for an admin to be able to literally see every file that your users have and all their emails in and out, is that correct?
David Sanchez: Emails not so much. It's mostly just file storage. Just being able to manage it centrally as an admin, at least. Just so we know, hey, if somebody leaves, we can go in and more easily see, here's what they have. Here's what we've been moving around just the visibility into it. Really to keep track of all the files.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. And once again, this is more going into the philosophy of how we I say we I didn't have anything to do with it, how PreVeil built it system. It's built on a 0 trust system. So the whole idea is that an admin one single admin, can't see everything and it prevents admins for one single admin from being like a bad term and downloading. So um
Andrew Meggs: The only other and this is not an ideal solution per se. But if you were to have a Kim, maybe this question for David anyways. Do you all use a Sam do you know, sim?
David Sanchez: The MS that we currently have technically has one, but not looking to move away from them. So
Andrew Meggs: Okay. If you yeah. If you were to have a theme that you connected your firewall to and whatever it was too, you could connect PreVeil to that as well. For like automatic log downloads and log tracking and event management. And you could set notifications up in that to like give you notifications when things happen. That is I mean, not it's not what you're looking for, per se, but it is something of a workaround to to accomplish what you're looking for. And yeah, I
David Sanchez: Mean, it's similar to, I guess what they would want. But it's really mostly just being able to manage it. A normal file share is really what it comes down to. That's the hold up with storing everything in there because just the visibility into it. And I understand the 0 trust principles and all that, but it's also just from a usability standpoint, look frustrating.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. I mean, and that's the internal struggle, right? Is security versus usability. And these are decisions that were made by our leadership team and our engineering team to error on the side of security. And unfortunately, that does I mean
Andrew Meggs: How do I phrase this? Our main goal is to make sure that you pass an audit. Not necessarily that it's as convenient as possible. So that makes sense.
David Sanchez: Yeah. I mean, I fully understand that. It's not really up to me. It's just we're bringing complaints. We've heard. Sure.
Andrew Meggs: Sure, sure. Sure. And I get that to and this is not obviously you're not the only client to have said things like this. But unfortunately, I won't say even unfortunately because we just had our 55th client pass an audit. So it is a proven solution and that's kind of our goal here. And I understand that you and your leadership team are wanting to air more on the side of usability and convenience. But just so I mean, and I'm sure this is the case. I just want to check my T's and dot my eyes here. Your internal storage storage that you're using right now, I assume is also a encrypted compliant storage.
David Sanchez: Solution as a file share hosted in Azure government cloud. Okay. GCC, High, so still compliant, but
Andrew Meggs: Sure. Just making just yeah. Just making sure it's not on on some hard drive somewhere which I assumed it wasn't the case, but I have to double check. Yeah. So
Andrew Meggs: I guess and have you met with our compliance team yet?
David Sanchez: Once or twice, yeah.
Andrew Meggs: I would honestly I would set up a meeting with them because they might have some best practices to suggest to you outside of what I'm even aware of for. Even for setting up your system in your storage and making sure. Because we have other customers that are similar situation where they're using multiple things not just PreVeil. So they would they I mean, especially while you're writing that documentation. I would set up a meeting with them to to go over your situation because they might have some at least best practices for verbiage to write down. That's past assessment. So so I would definitely recommend that too.
David Sanchez: Okay. Yeah, we might do that.
Andrew Meggs: Even be on the product things or what not. I would recommend that. But I can certainly on the product call tomorrow. Zach, remind me to do this ask Greg about what exactly the product feature improvements we're doing for admin visibility. I can provide that information as well.
Andrew Meggs: But I guess beyond that. Um
Andrew Meggs: And I know that it's more of a product feature request in terms of using PreVeil currently with the system and with the gateway and everything, have there been any technical issues or problems using PreVeil?
David Sanchez: I haven't had any issues. I had one weird issue where she got like I made her do an account recovery and it wasn't working, but then it just let her log back in the next day. So a little weird, but
David Sanchez: Honestly. Not sure what happened with that. Okay. Um
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. So beyond that, there's not much else for me to talk about. That's kind of all the points I had to discuss. Yeah. Was there anything else you wanted to go over or talk about?
David Sanchez: No, that works fine. I mean, we send our emails. We use the storage is just kind of like a loading dock in between for moving files. And that's I guess the best case feasibility for us right now. But I just wanted to bring up the other features just in case that I think that is possible in the future.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. Yeah. And you know, we're always open to suggestions. We're always I mean, like I was saying we're always adding product enhancements, though, having admins have full insight and or having a pooled share drive between everybody where if a user gets and they get access to that drive. I don't know if that's even possible to do with how PreVeil set up.
David Sanchez: Yeah. I'm not sure either. But yeah, just something to discuss and say
Andrew Meggs: No, I'll certainly bring it up. Greg, Greg. Greg is always looking for ideas. So so I'll bring it up tomorrow. But yeah, that's kind of it for me. I don't know if Kim I know it sounds like she had a call, but I don't know if she wanted to add anything or anything else.
David Sanchez: Yeah, I'm not sure. That might be all, but it seems like she has some other fires to do with
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. Yeah. I'll send a follow up email just kind of going over what we talked about and I'll talk to Greg tomorrow morning and then you all have my contact information. So if you do have any questions or if you did anything else, definitely don't hesitate to reach out and let me know.
David Sanchez: Yeah, absolutely.
Andrew Meggs: All right. Well, I mean, I'm sure Tim is busy, but I appreciate the both of you all taking the time to meet with me. And yeah, I hope you all have a great rest of your day.
David Sanchez: Awesome. Thank you. I hope you guys did too.
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. Have a good one.
David Sanchez: I have a good one. Bye, bye. Bye.