Account: Calian
Call Date: 2026-01-23
Duration: 00:17:31
Participants: Robin Barrow, Wayne Fisher, Kyle Chriest, Roxanne Woolley, Russ Beaudin

======================================================================

Roxie: So
Roxie: Hi there.
Robin Barrow: Good. I am so sorry for being late here. Thank you for your patience. Hello. No worries. I think everyone's trying to meet with me before the snowstorm we get and because I think everything's gonna stop up in New England, but we've dealt with snow before. We'll be okay.
Roxie: No, no.
Robin Barrow: I do have a lot of clients in Virginia, so I think they're scared to. So I get it. Yeah. Thank you all for joining. This is your welcome call to PreVeil. And I'm your customer success manager. So I'll be your main point of contact moving forward. And really for today's call, I just want to go over what you all signed up for. Talk about next steps and getting started and yeah. And also just learn a little bit more about you all and why you need PreVeil. Let me just check you. All. I want to make sure you haven't met with our support team yet and you have not so I this is the first meeting you're having with PreVeil outside of sales calls, correct? Correct. Okay. Great. So I'll just kick it off and then I want to do a quick round of introductions, afterwards, but just to confirm what you all had signed up for. I see.
Robin Barrow: Give me one second. I see you have 20 nine, excuse me, 20 users, 2 of them being admin and you purchase the compliance accelerator as well as the scene connector or sim connector. That sounds accurate.
Kyle Chriest: Yes, I can't remember what the sim connector is, but
Robin Barrow: We can talk about it a little bit. But yeah, I guess if you all don't mind, just giving me a quick round of introductions and then tell me a little bit more about why you need PreVeil and what you're hoping to get out of it.
Kyle Chriest: Sure thing. I'm I guess the majority of us are in sketch and Kevin's out, but it's no snow here today, but it's minus fifty, which is where kind of Celsius and fair and hit meshed.
Robin Barrow: My brain just went far in height and I just had a pain in attack for you, but still very cold. Very, very cold.
Kyle Chriest: I'm the VP operations here at Calian.
Robin Barrow: Excellent. I'm gonna pick on Russ because he's next on my list.
Robin Barrow: Nice to meet you, Robin. Russ the VP of defense for Calian defense and space.
Robin Barrow: Excellent. And when your next
Wayne Fisher: I am the export compliance specialist office.
Robin Barrow: Great. And then I have AK Wilson.
KWILSON1: Wilson. Yes. Thank you. Kevin, Wilson. So I have Calian s responsibility overall for all is infrastructure and cyber security as it pertains to this. It's more of my support ability of knowledge of world of audits or for Kyle and Russ and the team as they go into the next step of journey of getting cms documentation and technology ready to achieve to do in the future.
Robin Barrow: Excellent. Thank you. And then last but not least, Roxy.
Roxie: Yes. I'm a senior project manager in the air space in defense team. So I'm supporting the team in moving forward to become compliant to CC levels here. So
Robin Barrow: Excellent. And with those introductions you kind of answered the question of why you need PreVeil. So it's for cms level 2 and you're in good company with all the rest of our customers because they're in the same boat. I
Robin Barrow: So with a compliance accelerator, you get all the documentation templates that we have to offer. And typically we add around 3 individuals to that. So when you're ready to send me over those names, if you haven't done so already and I can make sure those people are added. But yeah, and then with the PreVeil, so I always say there's 2 worlds of PreVeil. We have our email and drive, which is actually the PreVeil platform. And then you have the compliance team. I sit in the middle of those 2. So not only do you have the support of our tech team. You also have the sport of our compliance team and then if you're like, I don't know who to go to. That's when you come to me and I point you in the right direction or help you answer your questions. To focus on compliance first. Did Zach go over the accelerator and what it includes?
Robin Barrow: A little bit.
Kyle Chriest: That's the system security plan template and things and the learning programs, but it was touched on very briefly talked.
Robin Barrow: About versus looked at. Yeah. That is it. But what we've done we can put created the compliance accelerators because we had a lot of customers that were like, thanks for this documentation, but I don't even know what to do with it and I don't even know where to start. So it seems like you are pretty well versed of what cms is and why it's important. But the accelerator is gonna do just that. It's gonna bring you really green. What is cms? Why is important all the way through how do you score one ten? you're probably looking at some of these courses and you're like, all right, we got our boundary. We know what it is. We can skip right to the meat of the product. But all this content is great. It's great for educational purposes. But if you just want our templates, you're gonna go to step 6 and that's our documentation and you're just gonna go to our Acme docs package. So this is probably where Zach mentioned that this Acme company is a fake company that we brought through a full assessment with a c 3 Pao and got the documentation approved.
Robin Barrow: And let me see if I can open up my words, temperamental. But
Robin Barrow: We have all the documents necessary for level 2. All the documents are extremely detailed. For instance, our SP for Amy is 185 pages. It's crazy, detailed. Again, your SP probably won't be as long and if it is that's great. You're obviously gonna have to make some customization to our template. But I can open it up. So you'll see the SP here.
Robin Barrow: But you also see all the additional supporting documents and these are all available to you. I don't love to call templates because they're fully completed and you'll see with the SP
Robin Barrow: They it's even down to like, the version history is completed. The what will remain the same obviously is the PreVeil language because you're using the on Clive approach. But as you can see, if I didn't scroll down too far there is the network diagram. The PreVeil piece may stay the same, but your network is going to be different, right? And the UI flow will remain the same for the most part and the language will, but there's obviously going to be some customization that you all will need to do. That's really quick overview of the documents. But with this also, you get access to our compliance team. As I mentioned, you have 6 30 minute sessions with them and you also have access to their email. So I always say if you have any one off questions that don't require a long answer, just reach out to them here. And then you can those are unlimited. You can shoot them an email whenever you want. If it does if there you are going back and forth, they may suggest like, hey, let's jump on a call and talk through. This um
Robin Barrow: And then yeah. I mean, there's other great templates that our customers have found useful. How do I secure my endpoint course has been really popular. And then also how do I segment my network you all because you purchased a sim or sim connector. I'm assuming you have some sort of same solution in place and you need to pull the logs from PreVeil and put them into that. Yes. Okay. Okay. Yeah, that's where that the same connector will come in and that's part of your endpoints. That's part of protecting your endpoints. And what's necessary for level 2. I'm gonna stop talking. What questions do you have or any do you need any clarification on anything?
Robin Barrow: Team.
Kyle Chriest: Wayne, I know you looked through some of the documents as well. Did anything come to mind for questions?
Wayne Fisher: No. I looked through some of this stuff and looked through some of the documents. The first question, I guess, was the CRC. How much is it for your GRC platform if we did decide to buy that?
Robin Barrow: Yeah, for you all. I believe it's let me just confirm one second. Let me double check. I can pull it up quickly. Um
Robin Barrow: Have you used a GRC platform before?
Wayne Fisher: No, I just saw yours. And as we started looking at all the documents we need to pull together and stuff like that and all the spreadsheets we're gonna have to create. I just wanted to know whether we go the messy spreadsheet way or we payload extra for the GRC program and have everything organized in your platform them and look quite good to kind of keep track of where we're at and
Robin Barrow: Yeah. That makes sense to me. Yeah. And it helps split out a score as you progress as well to the documents that is 2,400 for the year. And I could send over a quote as well after this call with more details. Unfortunately, I don't have a demo environment for the GRC but we do this. I know watching videos isn't that was fun, but we have a great video that goes through the whole platform in pretty good detail. What do you think?
Kyle Chriest: Sorry.
Robin Barrow: Say sorry, say that again. What is the grand summary? So it's yeah, it's a governance risk compliance tool and what it does. It just that it helps you organize your documentation in such a way where it creates a checklist of how you're going to work through the controls, gives you a status. It also helps you track risk for your company and you can assign a task to your team. You can set reminders as well. It's more of like a organized checklist that also submits a score. And then when it comes time for an assessment, you're able to generate reports pretty quickly of the C. So it'll help you pull your SP really quickly. And any other documentation you would need a lot of the time C 3 POS will ask for access to your GRC when you're going through assessments. So they can easily just see where your documentation lies and follow on. So can be really robust. There's some that are quite expensive and they can hook to your network and start pulling in your documentation that way. Um
Robin Barrow: I'm frozen. Oh, there I'm back. Okay. And then ours is pretty basic. In in the sense that it's a great checklist helps you create reminders and generate a score and reporting.
Robin Barrow: Any other questions on that?
Wayne Fisher: So I guess the next step for us is to set up our organization and then get our is team to book or to sort of review that. Make sure it's all working good on our part, no conflicts. And then we set up a another call to get all set up. Is that the best next steps or
Robin Barrow: Yeah. I can go over that. So let me just make sure the for the technical support side and actually getting PreVeil up and running just that you one of you whoever is gonna be the designated ad admin. Just has to download PreVeil and get the organization created. I can I sent over instructions with the original welcome email, but I can send them again. It shouldn't take you longer than 20 minutes, honestly, to create the org. And then from there, you would invite the other admin to join the organization and you can stop there set up a call with the support team. They're going to run through the whole platform with you and all the admin functions. Again, this is at your leader. So if you want to mess around and then schedule a call to work out some questions that you may have, you can do that as well. And for your 20 users, we do have a separate standard user training. We have standard users user guides. I can send out and I can also send over a template email that we some companies use for their team, to let them know hey, we're using PreVeil, this is how we manage the UI now. It's pretty basic. And then I we have like I said, the training can be booked as well. We obviously want to get as many people as we can on one call. So we don't have to do 20 separate calls, but yeah. If that's needed, just let me know and I can set that up.
KWILSON1: Would you have early instructions Robin or would this be a support team that would have to provide this is what are the integration steps to that you have from PreVeil that integrates into the end of the sim?
Robin Barrow: The support team. That's a good question after you all get up and running. PreVeil, the support team will want to chat with you all to get your sim up and running. I'm sorry, who was it again that you're using for?
KWILSON1: Crowd strike is where this is gonna go.
Robin Barrow: Okay. Yeah, we worked with them before I believe. And I can send over the instructions on how to integrate your list in. But the like I mentioned the support team is gonna want to get involved to make sure you it's integrated appropriately, but first step would just get into PreVeil.
KWILSON1: Okay. I'll turn. Thank you for clarifying. I'll turn it more into the rest of our team here is as you get the this up and the environment setup that set of instructions that Robin is referring to. That's primarily the only ticket that we'll need into that the cyber team will need to engage with you folks to make sure that is flowing into the set. Okay.
Robin Barrow: Yeah. And like, we already have a ticket for the solution generated. Once like I said, the onboarding is completed. It will be an individual name. Phil rodrigues from our support side that will reach out and say, okay, it's now time to set up your Sam.
KWILSON1: Okay. So our team will will be working with your person plus our cyber security team that reports up to me.
Robin Barrow: Yes. Yeah. Okay. I like that works of course. Great. And then just some clarifying questions. So I know who you're using crowd strike for that. And then do you all have data today that you need to put into PreVeil?
Robin Barrow: And if so, how about
Roxie: We have data. We do have it housed in a secure location. We're still working through, sort of the organization and making sure that we have all the processes in place on how we're gonna file it. Document it, that type of thing. So I think at this point we want to make sure that we've got that foundation framework in place before we start moving things over and then having to re gig everything. So
Robin Barrow: That makes sense. We just say if it's over 100 gigabytes worth of data, we'll probably do a file transfer and you'll work with our team on that. We use a tool for it and it's pretty quick and easy. But yeah, just keep that in mind if you're like, we're ready to dump 100 gig. Um
Roxie: So far, we have just like 4 folders some data in it's not a lot. But we need to again, get the framework in place so that we can make sure that when we pull the trigger going forward that everyone knows how to file, how to record how to do all the things that they need to do. So
Robin Barrow: Excellent. Yeah, that makes sense to me. And probably a much better approach than some of our customers take some of them. Just throw everything in willingly. So there we go. That's good. Excellent. And then lastly, for me, I will schedule some time for us to connect in 90 days. It's just a placeholder meeting. So we it's a check in to make sure everything's up and running. But really, if you have any questions between now and then, feel free to reach out. Like I mentioned I am your main point of contact. But that's really all I had to cover today. What other questions, any clarification you need on next steps?
Robin Barrow: We good.
Robin Barrow: Aweme yeah. I'll send a follow up email as well. Just recapping everything we talked about. And yeah, you all are off to the races. I look forward to working with you and please feel free to reach out if anything comes up. Awesome. Thanks Robin.
Roxie: Thank you. All. Thanks Robin.
Robin Barrow: Weekend. Yeah, David. Yeah, stay warm, you. Bye.
Wayne Fisher: Bye. Bye. Thank you.