Account: Skyline Technologies
Call Date: 2026-01-09
Duration: 00:12:52
Participants: Robert Nykyforuk, Andrew Meggs

======================================================================

Robert Nykyforuk: So
Robert Nykyforuk: Hello. Sorry there. Sorry for my tardiness here, how's it going? It's
Andrew Meggs: Going trying well to wrap. How something are you up there? Um
Robert Nykyforuk: It's a Friday afternoon.
Andrew Meggs: It is a Friday afternoon. That's very true.
Robert Nykyforuk: Yeah. Hopefully I can get some things clarified here when hopefully it doesn't take too much time. But again, I'm just trying to understand here with the case of global for example. Plate master, I have a couple of other potential customers. I'm talking to it just initially when we talked and looked at licensing. We're talking about like one or 2 administrative users and one other general user, there's some confusion on how people access files. Then if there's only if we need to track everyone's access to
Robert Nykyforuk: We can't use individual licenses, like one license for 10 people, right? I know I'm trying to figure out how that's working here because originally when we quoted it and talked about it seemed to be
Robert Nykyforuk: One or 2 licenses would be adequate, but it doesn't seem like that qualifies that will meet the requirement. Is that am I missing something there? Like what is
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. So actually that's a this is a better conversation for I didn't realize that this was kind of what you wanted to discuss regarding their licenses. This would actually be a better conversation for our compliance team than me. But the short answer to this is that it's the my understanding that to be compliant. The admin needs to be able to pull individual logs for anyone who has access to UI and
Andrew Meggs: They need to know exactly who accessed what when so if it's a general email address where you're not sure who is accessing it at any one particular time, then that's an issue.
Robert Nykyforuk: Yeah. Um
Robert Nykyforuk: So again, when it comes down to originally coding, someone and coding global or these people. If we have again, if we have to track individual users then having one admin or one user or whatever accessing it doesn't doesn't work, right? Like we can't I'm trying to think of how to phrase this or how to frame it, but it kind of feels like it was misleading and how the licensing was was quoted or how it was presented. Because it can't actually it doesn't actually qualify. If you have 8 people that has to access it, then apparently you need 8 licenses, not not one use, not one user license for the shop floor or something, which was our original kind of premise, right? You have one or 2 administrators, uploading downloading files, changing permissions on folders, whatever they got to do and then somebody on the floor accessing it sending it to the machines. But if we have 4 5 6 7 guys on the floor and we have to know if bill is accessing it versus Carl or whoever, then that means the unique licenses. Is that not again? I'm trying to understand that. If that's the case, then how are we quoting or how are we selling one or 2 licenses when they need 8 or 10 or whatever?
Robert Nykyforuk: Is that not clear? Or is that not
Andrew Meggs: No, that's clear. I am not privy to whatever initial sales conversations you had about this. So I don't know how it was presented to you initially. There might be a way to and that's the reason why I was talking about the compliance team. There might be a way for it to still be compliant if it's one user on a machine, but there's a way to track on that machine who's logging in to that time to access it. Basically if there's a way to find out who is accessing it at what time and what they've accessed whether that be on the machine itself, some sort of log tracking or something like that. That might be a way to to accomplish this. But it's to the best of my knowledge to to to be CC compliant. Their needs. The admin needs to know who exactly access s what and when and be able to pull logs saying that
Andrew Meggs: Whether that come from PreVeil logs or if there's a way to pull logs from the machine like people signing in like logging into the machine under different accounts or something like that. There needs to be a way to to to see who's accessing what
Robert Nykyforuk: Well again, I guess it's understanding then. Um
Robert Nykyforuk: How PreVeil is saying that they're complying with the controls and checking certain boxes off? Because this seems like it would be a fairly regular standard question, right? Like if people logging into a Microsoft 365 account on a computer system, there's 5 different guys. They open file, they create their G code, they send it to the machine. The other guy comes over because they have maybe one computer beside each computer or beside each machine or one for department or whoever they do it, right? but they're opening the file through PreVeil drive because that's where their sort is the AWS gov cloud, right? So how do we
Robert Nykyforuk: How do we do that and monitor it and track it that like this seems like it would be a just a standard PreVeil question. Like every company would be asking this kind of same question. And I would think you guys would say, okay, this is how we solve that or this is how you track that or this is how we comply. I'm just not sure what the next step is. Then who is 2 licenses enough, do we need 5 licenses for them? Is it like, what's the next step? How can I can kind of check off this box then?
Andrew Meggs: So my well, it's my answer would be anyone who needs to access. I would need a separate PreVeil account. I don't know what the initial sales person was saying during the initial sale. That's but it's that's my understanding that anyone basically, in order to track who's accessing UI, they need to have separate accounts in order to track that. The reason I mentioned the compliance team is that maybe there is some way of tracking stuff at the device level that I personally am not aware of that they're aware of. But I can certainly ask them to see if there's best practices. Or if there's a way to track logs at the device level that I'm not aware of that is still CC compliant. But to answer your question from my personal knowledge, generally, I would say anyone who access the UI needs to have a separate PreVeil account.
Robert Nykyforuk: Okay. Um
Andrew Meggs: So I'm gonna follow up on this with our compliance team to see if they know something that I don't know but just this initial conversation that's my understanding of the rules
Andrew Meggs: Okay.
Robert Nykyforuk: Um
Robert Nykyforuk: Yeah. I'm just that. Again, it's just that's not how it was originally presented as a solution. It came to whether you were paying for an admin account or a user account or how many accounts of each type that you required. Again because it's obviously not my area of expertise that's your expertise. And as far as the the company itself, it's kind of trusting me and the provider of the service that they're gonna be able to comply with it. So again, if it's a compliance team has to get involved, that's fine. I under I understand now having gotten to this point and worked with a couple of other companies as consultants, right? That it appears to me that yeah, we have to have not one or 2 licenses or 3 licenses, they need 8 or 10 or 15 or 20 which obviously now we're looking at the cost of all of that saying is it is now is it more cost effective to not do it this way, right? Um
Robert Nykyforuk: So yeah that's kind of my dilemma so if there's something laid out in PreVeil that you have or your compliance team has that says these are the boxes that you know through your matrix right the shared matrix and the parts that PreVeil checks off saying this is what we have to do and this is policy then we'll we will look at that and
Robert Nykyforuk: Sorry. Let me just silence that. Then we'll look at that and see how we can move forward. But ultimately, yeah, it's you know, it's purchasing more licenses. They're kind of on this track. Now, it's just going from 3 to 8 or 10 is kind of the problem, right?
Andrew Meggs: So
Andrew Meggs: Sure. So just so I'm relaying this correctly. Basically it's a situation where there's one machine with multiple people logging on, right? Or maybe one or 2 machines with multiple people logging on
Robert Nykyforuk: No. I would think this is a standard shop, right? You have one of a couple of options. You still have to access the data. Somebody has to manipulate it, create G code store it somewhere and then someone on the floor has to take the code and send it to the machine either from a computer next to it or from the network or somewhere else, right? The place that's being stored though, is PreVeil AWS cloud, so you might have 8 guys though, one guy for each machine or 2 guys running for machine whatever it is. It's a matter of again, like if we need to know that there's 2 guys, Bob and bill and they're accessing these files and we track that, then that means they need a license each. I'm just again, trying to clarify because this seems like it would be just a standard thing all the time. It would not change you have 3 engineers, 10 guys on the floor, engineers are accessing it to to do their thing. Guys in the Florida are accessing their thing. You need 7 licenses. 10 licenses, 12 licenses. I feel like I'm being a dead horse. I don't mean to do that, no.
Andrew Meggs: No, no. What I'm saying is yes, you're correct. And that's my understanding too. I don't know whatever the salesperson told you that's different from that is what I'm saying.
Robert Nykyforuk: They told me that you can get away with one demand count or 2 admin accounts or a user account quote unquote for what you want to do. But again, that doesn't seem like that would ever be the case. That would never be the case. If you have to track the people and be CC compliant, that would never work. You can't have a generic account. It has to be attached to a person every single time.
Andrew Meggs: Yes, that's also my understanding.
Robert Nykyforuk: Okay. So again, it's kind of one of those things around.
Andrew Meggs: I mean, basically long story, short, whatever the salesperson told you it seems incorrect to me. I don't know what to tell you about that.
Robert Nykyforuk: Correct. But that would be going back to stack black. Okay. Um
Andrew Meggs: But I can but once again, there could be some situation that I'm not aware of. That's why I'm gonna follow up internally about that. So don't you know, don't maybe don't quote me on that, or rather there's an asterisk to that because there it could just be there's specifically for the situation. There is a way around that I just don't know what offhand.
Robert Nykyforuk: Okay. Well, I'll leave with you then. And if there you can have some get some clarification or email me. Just make sure we're on the exact same page. Because again, at some point then I have to go back to these people and say you paid for 3 now, we need to bump it to 8 or something, right? Yeah. And they're good questions to you. How did you not know that to begin with? I'm gonna say, well, it's because that we dealt with the salesperson and this is what they said was possible. But now that we're actually checking boxes, it's obviously not possible. Yeah. Yeah, that's kind of the dilemma. So I'll leave with you if there's something that can be done. Great. If there's not then again, just I need an email saying this is the case, this is what we have to do. Then I'll go back to the customer and have to present it that way to that. So
Andrew Meggs: Yeah. I'll go back to oh yeah. Like I was saying, I'll follow up internally with both our compliance team and I'll follow up with Zack too, because maybe he is knows more context than than I'm not aware of. So I'll follow up both of those avenues and then get back to you as soon as I find something out.
Robert Nykyforuk: Okay. If Zach wants to call and I have a conversation, that's fine. The sales side of things is just again, if he knows something and he wants to let me know how we can do this, then that's great. Is
Andrew Meggs: Sure. Surprised at this point yeah. Well, yeah, I mean I you know, that's a surprise that this is my first time hearing about it too, so I will definitely follow up internally and let you know. All right.
Robert Nykyforuk: Thanks for squeezing me in. I appreciate it. Sorry, couple of minutes. Late there. No, that's okay.
Andrew Meggs: But yeah, if if anything else comes up in the meantime, let me know. Okay. Okay.
Robert Nykyforuk: Thank you.
Andrew Meggs: Thanks for every