Account: St. Catharines Pattern Limited
Call Date: 2026-02-04
Duration: 00:08:40
Participants: Robin Barrow

======================================================================

Robin Barrow: Hi, Steve. How are you?
Robin Barrow: Oh, you're muted. Steve, if you're trying to talk
Steve: Yeah. I don't know what house how's it going?
Robin Barrow: Good. Good. Thanks for jumping on. This is your 90 day check in. So I know we kind of went back and forth over email regarding your requirement for cms and it just doesn't based on what I'm understanding. You're holding off until you get is in place. Is that
Steve: Correct. Yeah. Basically with all well, between costs and our desired time in general, mostly just can't kind of jungle both certifications at once and obviously, having is in place would be a good stepping stone anyways for cms to fulfill those documents. We felt that it was more necessary for us and easier to accomplish that first and then that'll and then again, cms is kind of just kicking off and all the regulations and sis. Things are still sort of being put down. So it's again, not something that's needed now. So it's we're looking at trying to do that in the near future, maybe in the next year or 2 once we get is certified. Yeah. That's what I haven't even looked at anything since our last conversation, really since that target happened. I didn't realize we had the meeting today until it popped up to my thing 10 minutes ago.
Robin Barrow: That's okay. No worries. I mean, I've made a note on your account, honestly, and I discussed with Zach a little bit. Just kind of where you all stand, especially being where are you all located again?
Steve: Ontario Canada.
Robin Barrow: That's right. Yeah. So, Canada, you are special use case. Although you still have some cms in place, you also are creating your own cms. We're actually hosting a webinar. Hopefully soon. We're just trying to get more resources as far as our Canadian folks that wanna be on it. But yeah, just around cms. So I have made a note unfortunately. There's nothing we can do as far as the current contract in place. But um
Robin Barrow: For the renewal, we can either not renew just based on where you all stand or we can offer discounts.
Steve: Yeah. Hopefully be in a place where at least we'll take advantage of the discount. Okay. And then be able to continue and like, hopefully finish what we're started here. But yeah, like with what you guys have there and then the consultants that we have here, like our ads that we use here, but basically consultants. It was gonna be probably 70 80 grand
Robin Barrow: Yeah. It's silly expensive. So part of exactly.
Robin Barrow: Yeah. I mean and what we can do I don't know if you're this interest, you or you rather just take the discount come October. We can push out your contracts so we could offer an extension so we can do like, 3 months free. So we don't talk until like, the new year. So or towards the end of the year in December. That's up to you, too. So
Steve: We were trying to see if it was possible. So
Steve: We haven't touched it. I haven't looked at it since, like that first conversation we've had. That thing. We kind of the next day we had meetings with so and stuff like that and I got started with that. So whatever time I put in, was all that first 2 weeks or whatever and then after that, so we're essentially trying to say like, can we just I know we paid for it, but we hold the whatever until we get started again. If that's a year from now our progress or how that would work.
Robin Barrow: Yeah. I mean, I can well, I'll push it out until December of 20 26 cents additional 2 months in your contract. Okay. But when it comes to the new year, we're just gonna offset it. So we'll probably end up giving you a discount to be honest. So then it will be you'll get 6 months for free and then I'll just stay this is. I've already made a note on the year account, but it will state that you all pretty much didn't use it for the full 12 months. And that's again, because there's nothing we can do.
Steve: Yeah.
Steve: Timing on our part. And that's okay. Yeah, it was a sort of oversight thinking that is was closer than we thought and then when it happened and then we got into it and it was a lot more work that we need to get done.
Robin Barrow: Yeah. No, I get it. We're hoping to have more resources for so especially around our GC tool. Yeah. If those ever come up, you'll be the first person to call. But yeah, other than that, I think I'm just gonna make a note to reach out sometime in which sounds crazy. In November. Yeah. Um
Robin Barrow: And yeah. I'll just make a note to reach out then. And then we'll just chat about what we plan to do moving forward. So whether it's renew or it's obviously renew at a discount or put a pause on everything and we'll pick it up when you all already.
Steve: Okay. No, I appreciate it. Because yeah, I'm hoping by then we'll have a good shoulders and maybe be ready to start asking some questions and get through things. Because yeah. I mean, right now my computer, like I said, was the only computer that I put that PreVeil thing on there. So I see it. Yeah. And I'm the only one that thing in place. So again, I don't have any of those other backups or whatever we were talking and anything else in place. So it's kind of hoping my computer last as well happens because then I'm all stuck with
Robin Barrow: Well, I mean, if you're not doing anything in the platform, it's not a huge deal just to wipe your old account and then start fresh. So okay. Yeah, you just let me know. The only thing is that well, annoy you we'll send you those health, check reminders.
Steve: Every week, yeah.
Robin Barrow: Yeah. I was gonna say, if you want I would reach out to the support team and be like, hey, can we shut these health check reminders off? I can't do it, unfortunately. So I would just send an email to support.com and so then they'll turn it off. I know it's annoying, especially if you're not using the platform. But it's because if you were actually using the platform and then decided to when the latter leaves the company can still access. Yeah. I don't know. This is a stupid question, but Canada has do you guys have a lottery? Oh, yeah, yeah. Okay. Okay. But it's not like our obviously our lottery, right? Yeah, it's separate. Yeah. Yeah. And it's still called the lottery.
Steve: We got a few different ones. Yeah.
Robin Barrow: Oh, okay. Yeah.
Steve: Provinces, some have their own
Robin Barrow: Yeah, yeah. We have that. We have like powerball and all those, but
Steve: Ideas.
Robin Barrow: Same ideas. Okay. That well
Robin Barrow: You what still
Steve: Spending money still.
Robin Barrow: Spending money. Yeah. I one of my friend's dad worked for the treasury in Massachusetts and he was like, do not play the lottery. It's the quickest way to just waste money.
Robin Barrow: That gambling. We all know. Yeah.
Steve: The people I want, right?
Robin Barrow: Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. We haven't had any around here. It's always Florida in the middle states and they already have things exactly much cheaper than we do. So. There you go. Awesome. Okay. Yeah. I think we have a good plan in place. Keep an eye out on our. I know it's annoying, but like our blogs and everything. If I see a good one coming up for. It's I'm gonna get this acronym. I'm gonna butcher ever gonna try CCS PC.
Robin Barrow: Is it C C S P S C there. Now, the CMC for Canada, it's a different afternoon and I'm trying to get
Steve: It. I don't know. I haven't heard of it actually.
Robin Barrow: You haven't. No, I'm gonna find it right now. It's um
Robin Barrow: The Canadian.
Robin Barrow: It's CPC SC. There we go. So there it is. Difficult it does. Yeah. But if we're gonna hold a webinar on it, hopefully within the next month or so. So
Steve: That's fine.
Robin Barrow: All right. Great. Well, probably spam you for that as well. Sounds good. Great. Well, thank you. Steve and yeah. We'll be in touch in a year from now.
Robin Barrow: Thank you. Bye. Bye.